Everyday English
===

`2019/06/12`

Why Being Neurotic Might Be Good for Your Dog
---

Dogs are so connected to their owners that they share similar stress levels, according to a new study published in the journal Scientific Reports. When people are *stressed out*, researchers found, their dogs *tend to be*, too. Certain aspects of your personality—how [neurotic](#neurotic) you are, mainly—may also affect how stressed your dog is.

Researchers in `Sweden (瑞士)` surveyed the owners of 58 Shetland sheepdogs and border [collies](#collie) about their personality [traits](#trait) and those of their dogs. They then outfitted the dogs with a special [collar](#collar) for a week to monitor their activity levels.

To measure stress levels, researchers took human and [canine](#canine) hair samples and analyzed [concentrations](#concentration) of `cortisol (皮质醇)`, a stress [hormone](#hormone), in both.

The dogs’ activity levels didn’t affect how stressed they were. **Neither did the dogs’ personalities (measured by the validated Dog Personality Questionnaire, which their owners completed) or how many hours a day their owners worked**.

What did seem to matter was how stressed their owners were—cortisol levels in dogs *synced up* with those of their humans—and certain human personality traits. Curiously, people who were more neurotic actually had dogs with lower cortisol levels. “**There is some indication that humans scoring high on neuroticism *form a strong attachment bond to* their dogs**,” write the study authors, “and that these individuals, *to a greater extent than others*, use their dog as a social supporter.” That, *in turn*, means that they may serve as *a strong social supporter for* their pet. “It could maybe *boil down to* different types of amounts of interaction, but **this needs of course to be studied further**,” wrote study co-author Lina Roth, senior lecturer at Linköping University in Sweden, in an e-mail.

These links were especially strong in female dogs (studies in other species have suggested that “compared to males, females show a higher emotional responsivity,” the authors write) and in competing dogs, who spend a lot of time working with their owners.

“We do *have a truly special bond to* our dog,” Roth says. Next, the researchers will study more breeds of dogs—“but also other pets,” she says. “Maybe cats.”


Facebook Wants Your Blood
---

Donating blood is a selfless act, and as with many [altruistic](#altruistic) behaviors, *it’s not always easy to convince people to take a couple of hours out of their day to do it*. Yet it is desperately required: every day, patients in the U.S. need about 30,000 pints (about 14,200 liters) of blood, and the *supply peaks* and [dips](#dip) depending on people’s [generosity](#generosity). At any one time, there is enough blood to last anywhere from two to seven days.

That may change, if Facebook has anything to say about it. *The social media [behemoth](#behemoth)*, which boasts dozens of million users in the U.S., wants to appeal to its members to give blood whenever and wherever they can.

On June 12, Facebook launched a feature on its site enabling people to sign up to be a blood donor. Those people who sign up will be notified when their local blood banks need blood of their specific type. To start, the program will be rolled out in five cities—Chicago, New York, San Francisco, Baltimore and Washington, D.C—but will eventually expand to the entire country.

“Our mission is to connect people, and **this is at its heart a connection problem**” says Sheryl Sandberg, chief operating officer of Facebook. “We are matching up people who are willing to donate with where there is a need for blood,”

Every two seconds, someone in the U.S. needs blood, according to the American Red Cross, whether to [replenish](#replenish) blood after an accident, during surgery or [chemotherapy](#chemotherapy), or due to an illness like `sickle cell anemia (镰状细胞性贫血)`. Yet only 3% of the public donates. And the number of new people offering to give for the first time is falling.

“Historically, we have *reached out* to folks through institutions like schools and companies that organized large blood drives,” says Cliff Numark, senior vice president of blood services at the American Red Cross. “But with more people working at home, they may not intersect with blood donation campaigns at all, so it may not be something they even think about.”

People’s motivations for giving blood have also changed, says Julie Scott, director of strategic marketing and communications at Vitalant, the second-largest collector of blood in the country, which runs 127 blood donation centers. “Before, giving blood was more of a civic duty, and something people did to help their fellow man,” she says. “We did research and learned that *some of the things younger donors cared about* was knowing what impact their donation was having on patients, and knowing how their blood was being used. So we do a variety of things like sending texts to let donors know their blood was shipped to a hospital for a patient in need.”

Because Facebook highlights people’s personal stories, it will *make it possible* for people to share their own experiences about how donors have helped. “Facebook helps to connect people in a very personal way,” says Sandberg. “When people see real names and real faces, they are more likely to **jump in and support each other**.”

The Red Cross and Vitalant, as well as America’s Blood Centers, Inova, New York Blood Center, Rock River Valley Blood Center, Stanford Blood Center and Versiti, are partnering with Facebook to make people more aware of not just the need for blood, but where and how they can donate. *Raising awareness about* blood donation is critical, says Numark. “**The number one reason why people don’t give blood is because they are not asked**,” he says. “Facebook gives us the opportunity to *make the need front and center* for someone who is interested. We may be able to reach people who aren’t being asked now to donate.”

Facebook’s blood-donation program is already live in four countries: India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Brazil. According to Facebook, since the programs launched in 2017, 35 million people in those countries have become donors, and 20% of them credited Facebook with motivating them to give.

If [uptake](#uptake) in those countries is any indication, Numark says, it’s possible Facebook could help to double the number of potential blood donors in the U.S.


Words
---

* <span id='neurotic'>neurotic</span>:
  * [_adj_] suffering from, caused by, or relating to neurosis. `神经质`
  * [_n_] a neurotic person.

* <span id='collie'>collie</span>:
  * [_n_] a sheepdog of a breed originating in Scotland, having a long, pointed nose and thick, long hair.

* <span id='trait'>trait</span>:
  * [_n_] a distinguishing quality or characteristic, typically one belonging to a person.

* <span id='collar'>collar</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a restraining or connecting band, ring, or pipe in machinery.
    1. `a piece of meat (一块肉)` rolled up and tied.
    1. the part of a plant where the stem joins the roots.
  * [_v_]
    1. put a collar on. 戴上衣领？
    1. `seize (抓住)`, grasp, or `apprehend (拘押)` (someone).

* <span id='canine'>canine</span>:
  * [_adj_] of, relating to, or resembling a dog or dogs.
  * [_n_] a pointed tooth between the `incisors (门牙)` and `premolars (磨牙)` of a mammal, often greatly enlarged in `carnivores (食肉动物)`.

* <span id='concentration'>concentration</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the action or power of focusing one's attention or mental effort.
    1. a close gathering of people or things.
    1. the relative amount of a given substance contained within a `solution (溶解)` or in a particular volume of space; the amount of solute per unit volume of solution.

* <span id='hormone'>hormone</span>:
  * [_n_] a regulatory substance produced in an organism and transported in `tissue (组织)` fluids such as blood or sap to stimulate specific cells or tissues into action.

* <span id='altruistic'>altruistic</span>:
  * [_adj_] showing a disinterested and selfless concern for the well-being of others; unselfish.

* <span id='dip'>dip</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a brief swim
    1. a thick sauce in which pieces of food are dunked before eating.
    1. a brief downward slope followed by an upward one.
    1. the extent to which something is angled downward from the horizontal, in particular.
    1. a pickpocket.
    1. a stupid or foolish person.
    1. a candle made by immersing a wick repeatedly in hot wax.
  * [_v_]
    1. put or let something down quickly or briefly in or into (liquid).
    1. sink, drop, or slope downward.

* <span id='generosity'>generosity</span>
  * [_n_] the quality of being kind and generous.

* <span id='behemoth'>behemoth</span>
  * [_n_] a huge or `monstrous (滔天)` creature.

* <span id='replenish'>replenish</span>
  * [_v_] fill (something) up again.

* <span id='chemotherapy'>chemotherapy</span>:
  * [_n_] the treatment of disease by the use of chemical substances, especially the treatment of cancer by cytotoxic and other drugs.

* <span id='uptake'>uptake</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the action of taking up or making use of something that is available.
    1. a pipe or flue leading air, smoke, or gases up to a chimney.


Article Source
---

1. <http://time.com/5604217/stress-dogs-and-owners/>
1. <http://time.com/5605101/facebook-blood-donation/>
