Godzilla
===

`2019/06/02`

Godzilla is a [fictional](#fictional) monster originating from a series of Japanese films of the same name. The character first appeared in Ishirō Honda's 1954 film Godzilla and became *a worldwide pop culture icon*, appearing in various media, including 32 films produced by Toho, three Hollywood films and numerous video games, novels, comic books and television shows. It is [dubbed](#dub) the King of the Monsters, a phrase first used in Godzilla, King of the Monsters!, the Americanized version of the original film.

Godzilla is [depicted](#depict) as an enormous, [destructive](#destructive), prehistoric sea monster awakened and empowered by nuclear radiation. With the nuclear bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki and the Lucky Dragon 5 incident still fresh in the Japanese consciousness, Godzilla was [conceived](#conceive) as a [metaphor](#metaphor) for nuclear weapon. As the film series expanded, **some stories took on less serious undertones (有些故事就不再那么严肃了)**, [portraying](#portray) Godzilla as an antihero, or a lesser threat who defends humanity. With the end of the Cold War, several post-1984 Godzilla films shifted the character's portrayal to themes including Japan's forgetfulness over its [imperial](#imperial) past, natural disasters and the human condition.

Godzilla has been featured alongside many supporting characters. It has faced human opponents such as the `JSDF (Japan Self-Defense Forces, 日本自卫队)`, or other monsters, including King Ghidorah, Gigan and Mechagodzilla. Godzilla sometimes has allies, such as Rodan, Mothra and Anguirus, and [offspring](#offspring), such as Minilla and Godzilla Junior. Godzilla has also fought characters from other [franchises](#franchise) in crossover media, such as the RKO Pictures/Universal Studios movie monster King Kong and the Marvel Comics characters S.H.I.E.L.D., the Fantastic Four and the Avengers.

Godzilla's appearance has traditionally been portrayed in the films by an actor wearing a latex costume, though the character has also been rendered in `animatronic (电子动画)`, `stop-motion(一种电影的摄像技术)` and computer-generated form. Taking inspiration from King Kong, special effects artist Eiji Tsuburaya had initially wanted Godzilla to be portrayed via stop-motion, but [prohibitive](#prohibitive) deadlines and a lack of experienced animators in Japan at the time *made suitmation more practical*.

The first suit consisted of a body [cavity](#cavity) made of thin wires and bamboo wrapped in *chicken wire* for support and covered in fabric and [cushions](#cushion), which were then [coated](#coat) in latex. The first suit was held together by small hooks on the back, though subsequent Godzilla suits incorporated a zipper. Its weight was in excess of 100 kg (220 lb). Prior to 1984, most Godzilla suits were made from [scratch](#scratch), thus resulting in slight design changes in each film appearance. The most notable changes during the 1960s-70s were the reduction in Godzilla's number of `toes (脚趾)` and the removal of the character's external ears and [prominent](#prominent) fangs, features which would later be [reincorporated](#reincorporate) in the Godzilla designs from The Return of Godzilla (1984) onward. The most consistent Godzilla design was maintained from Godzilla vs. Biollante (1989) to Godzilla vs. Destoroyah (1995), when the suit was given a cat-like face and double rows of teeth.

Several suit actors had difficulties in performing as Godzilla, due to the suits' weight, lack of [ventilation](#ventilation) and [diminished](#diminish) visibility. Kenpachiro Satsuma in particular, who portrayed Godzilla from 1984 to 1995, described how the Godzilla suits he wore were even heavier and hotter than their predecessors because of the incorporation of animatronics. Satsuma himself suffered numerous medical issues during his [tenure](#tenure), including `oxygen deprivation (缺氧)`, `near-drowning (溺水)`, `concussions (脑震荡)`, `electric shocks (电击)` and `lacerations (撕裂伤)` to the legs from the suits' steel wire reinforcements wearing through the rubber padding.

The ventilation problem was partially solved in the suit used in 1994's Godzilla vs. SpaceGodzilla, which was the first to include an air duct, which allowed suit actors to last longer during performances. In The Return of Godzilla (1984), some scenes made use of a 16-foot high robotic Godzilla (dubbed the "Cybot Godzilla") for use in close-up shots of the creature's head. The Cybot Godzilla consisted of a hydraulically-powered mechanical endoskeleton covered in `urethane (氨基甲酸乙酯)` skin containing 3,000 computer operated parts which permitted it to [tilt](#tilt) its head and move its lips and arms.

In Godzilla (1998), special effects artist Patrick Tatopoulos was instructed to redesign Godzilla as an incredibly fast runner. At one point, it was planned to use motion capture from a human to create the movements of the computer-generated Godzilla, but it was said to have ended up looking too much like a man in a suit. Tatopoulos subsequently reimagined the creature *as a lean*, digitigrade bipedal iguana-like creature that stood with its back and tail parallel to the ground, rendered via CGI.

Several scenes had the monster portrayed by [stuntmen](#stuntmen) in suits. The suits were similar to those used in the Toho films, with the actors' heads being located in the monster's neck region, and the facial movements controlled via animatronics. However, because of the creature's horizontal posture, the stuntmen had to wear metal leg extenders, which allowed them to stand two meters (six feet) off the ground with their feet bent forward. The film's special effects crew also built a ​1/6 scale animatronic Godzilla for close-up scenes, whose size outmatched that of Stan Winston's T. rex in Jurassic Park. Kurt Carley performed the suitmation sequences for the adult Godzilla.

In Godzilla (2014), the character was portrayed entirely via CGI. Godzilla's design in the reboot was intended to stay true to that of the original series, though the film's special effects team [strove](#strove) to make the monster "more dynamic than a guy in a big rubber suit." To create a CG version of Godzilla, the Moving Picture Company (MPC) studied various animals such as bears, Komodo dragons, lizards, lions and gray wolves which helped the visual effects artists visualize Godzilla's body structure like that of its underlying bone, fat and muscle structure as well as the thickness and texture of its scale. Motion capture was also used for some of Godzilla's movements. T.J. Storm provided the performance capture for Godzilla by wearing sensors in front of a green screen. In Shin Godzilla, a majority of the character was portrayed via CGI, with Mansai Nomura portraying Godzilla through motion capture.

Words
---

* <span id='fictional'>fictional<span>:
  * [_adj_] of or relating to fiction; invented for the purpose of fiction.

* <span id='dub'>dub<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. an instance of debbing sound effects or music.
    1. an inexperienced or unskillful person.
  * [_v_]
    1. give an unofficial name or nickname to (someone or something).
    1. dress (an artificial fishing fly) with strands of `fur (毛皮)` or wool or with other material.
    1. `smear (涂抹)` (`leather (皮革)`) with `grease (油脂)`.
    1. trim or make smooth (wood) with an `adze (锛)`.
    1. provide (a film) with a soundtrack in a different language from the original.
    1. make a copy of (a sound or video recording).
    1. misplay (a shot).

* <span id='depict'>depict<span>:
  * [_v_] show or represent by a drawing, painting, or other art form.

* <span id='destructive'>destructive<span>:
  * [_adj_] causing great and irreparable harm or damage.

* <span id='conceive'>conceive<span>:
  * [_v_]
    1. become pregnant with (a child).
    1. form or `devise (设计)` (a plan or idea) in the mind.

* <span id='metaphor'>metaphor<span>: 隐喻
  * [_n_] a figure of speech in which a word or phrase is applied to an object or action to which it is not literally applicable.

* <span id='portray'>portray<span>:
  * [_v_] depict (someone or something) in a work of art or literature.

* <span id='imperial'>imperial<span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. of or relating to an empire.
    1. of, relating to, or denoting the system of nonmetric weights and measures (the ounce, pound, stone, inch, foot, yard, mile, acre, pint, gallon, etc.) formerly used for all measures in the UK, and still used for some.
  * [_n_] a small pointed beard growing below the lower lip (associated with Napoleon III of France).

* <span id='offspring'>offspring<span>:
  * [_n_] a person's child or children.

* <span id='franchise'>franchise<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. an authorization granted by a government or company to an individual or group enabling them to carry out specified commercial activities, e.g., providing a broadcasting service or acting as an agent for a company's products.
    1. the right to vote.
  * [_v_] grant a franchise to (an individual or group).

* <span id='prohibitive'>prohibitive<span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. (of a price or charge) excessively high; difficult or impossible to pay.
    1. (especially of a law or rule) forbidding or `restricting (限制、制约)` something.

* <span id='cavity'>cavity<span>:
  * [_n_] an empty space within a solid object, in particular the human body.

* <span id='cushion'>cushion<span>:
  * [_n_] a pillow or pad stuffed with a mass of soft material, used as a comfortable support for sitting or leaning on.
  * [_v_] soften the effect of an impact on.

* <span id='coat'>coat<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. an outer garment worn outdoors, having sleeves and typically extending below the hips.
    1. an animal's covering of fur or hair.
    1. a structure, especially a membrane, enclosing or lining an organ.
    1. a covering of paint or similar material laid on a surface at one time.
  * [_v_] provide with a layer or covering of something; apply a coat to.

* <span id='scratch'>scratch<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a mark or wound made by scratching.
    1. the starting point in a `handicap (阻碍)` for a competitor receiving no odds.
    1. money.
  * [_v_]
    1. score or mark the surface of (something) with a sharp or pointed object.
    1. cancel or strike out (writing) with a pen or pencil.
  * [_adj_]
    1. assembled or made from whatever is available, and so unlikely to be of the highest quality.
    1. (of a sports competitor or event) with no handicap given.

* <span id='prominent'>prominent<span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. important; famous.
    1. projecting from something; `protuberant (突起)`.

* <span id='reincorporate'>reincorporate<span>:
  * [_v_] make (something) a part of something else once more.

* <span id='ventilation'>ventilation<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the `provision (提供)` of fresh air to a room, building, etc..
    1. public discussion or examination of an opinion, issue, complaint, etc..

* <span id='diminish'>diminish<span>:
  * [_v_] make or become less.

* <span id='tenure'>tenure<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the conditions under which land or buildings are held or occupied.
    1. the holding of an office.
  * [_v_] give (someone) a permanent post, especially as a teacher or professor.

* <span id='tilt'>tilt<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a `sloping (倾斜)` position or movement.
    1. a combat for exercise or sport between two men on horseback with `lances (喷枪)`; a joust.
  * [_v_]
    1. move or cause to move into a sloping position.
    1. (in jousting) thrust at with a lance or other weapon.

* <span id='stuntmen'>stuntmen<span>:
  * [_n_] a man employed to take an actor's place in performing dangerous `stunts (特技)`.

* <span id='strove'>strove<span>:
  * [_v_] make great efforts to achieve or obtain something.


Sources
---

1. <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godzilla>
