Everyday English
===

`2019/06/06`

Dragon Boat Festival in China
---

The Dragon Boat Festival (Duanwu Festival, Duānwǔ Jié, Double Fifth, Tuen Ng Jit) is a traditional holiday that [commemorates](#commemorate) the life and death of the famous Chinese scholar Qu Yuan (Chu Yuan). The festival occurs on the fifth day of the fifth month on the Chinese [lunisolar](#lunisolar) calendar.


### Is Dragon Boat Festival a Public Holiday?

Dragon Boat Festival is a public holiday. It is a day off for the general population, and schools and most businesses are closed.

### What Do People Do?

The Dragon Boat Festival is a celebration where many eat rice dumplings (zongzi), drink [realgar](#realgar) wine (xionghuangjiu), and race dragon boats. Other activities include hanging icons of Zhong Kui (a mythic guardian figure), hanging [mugwort](#mugwort) and [calamus](#calamus), taking long walks, `writing spells (写咒语)` and wearing [perfumed](#perfume) medicine bags.

All of these activities and games such as making an egg stand at noon were regarded by the ancients as an effective way of preventing disease, evil, while promoting good health and well-being. People sometimes wear [talismans](#talisman) to `fend off (抵挡)` evil spirits or they may *hang the picture of* Zhong Kui, a guardian against evil spirits, on the door of their homes.

In the Republic of China, the festival was also celebrated as "Poets' Day" in honor of Qu Yuan, who is known as China's first poet. Chinese citizens traditionally throw bamboo leaves filled with cooked rice into the water and it is also customary to eat tzungtzu and rice dumplings.


### Public Life

The festival was long marked as a cultural holiday in China. However, it wasn’t until 2008 that the Dragon Boat Festival was recognized as a traditional and *[statutory](#statutory) public holiday* in the People's Republic of China.


### Background

Many believe that the Dragon Boat Festival originated in ancient China based on the suicide of the poet and [statesman](#statesman) of the Chu kingdom, Qu Yuan in 278 BCE.

The festival commemorates the life and death of the famous Chinese scholar Qu Yuan, who was a loyal minister of the King of Chu in the third century BCE. Qu Yuan’s wisdom and intellectual ways [antagonized](#antagonize) other court officials, thus they accused him of false `charges (指控)` of [conspiracy](#conspiracy) and was [exiled](#exile) by the king. During his exile, Qu Yuan composed many poems to express his anger and sorrow towards his sovereign and people.

Qu Yuan [drowned](#drown) himself by attaching a heavy stone to his chest and jumping into the Miluo River in 278 BCE at the age of 61. The people of Chu tried to save him believing that Qu Yuan was an honorable man; they searched [desperately](#desperately) in their boats looking for Qu Yuan but were unable to save him. Every year the Dragon Boat Festival is celebrated to commemorate this attempt at rescuing Qu Yuan.

**The local people began the tradition of throwing sacrificial cooked rice into the river for Qu Yuan, while others believed that the rice would prevent the fishes in the river from eating Qu Yuan’s body**. At first, the locals decided to make zongzi in hopes that it would sink into the river and reach Qu Yuan's body. However, the tradition of wrapping the rice in bamboo leaves to make zongzi began the following year.


### Symbols

A dragon boat is a human-powered boat or *paddle boat* that is traditionally made of [teak](#teak) wood to various designs and sizes. They usually have brightly decorated designs that range anywhere from 40 to 100 feet in length, with the front end shaped like open-mouthed dragons, and the back end with a [scaly](#scaly) tail. The boat can have up to 80 `rowers (划手)` to power the boat, depending on the length. A sacred ceremony is performed before any competition in order to “bring the boat to life” by painting the eyes. The first team to grab a flag at the end of the course wins the race.

The zongzi is a [glutinous](#glutinous) rice ball with a filling and wrapped in corn leaves. The fillings can be egg, beans, `dates (枣)`, fruits, sweet potato, `walnuts (核桃)`, mushrooms, meat, or a combination of them. They are generally steamed.

It is said that if you can balance a raw egg on its end at exactly noon on Double Fifth Day, the rest of the year will be lucky.

The hanging of calamus and [moxa](#moxa) on the front door, the pasting up pictures of Chung Kuei, drinking *hsiung huang wine* and holding fragrant [sachets](#sachet) are said to possess qualities for preventing evil and bringing peace. Another custom practiced in Taiwan is "fetching noon water," in which people draw well water on the afternoon of the festival *in the belief that it will cure all illnesses*.


Word
---

* <span id='commemorate'>commemorate<span>:
  * [_v_] recall and show respect for (someone or something) in a ceremony.

* <span id='lunisolar'>lunisolar<span>:
  * [_adj_] of or concerning the combined motions or effects of the sun and moon.

* <span id='realgar'>realgar<span>: 雄黄
  * [_n_] a soft, `reddish (红色的)` mineral consisting of `arsenic (砷)` `sulfide (硫化物)`, formerly used as a `pigment (颜料)` and in fireworks.

* <span id='mugwort'>mugwort<span>: 艾蒿
  * [_n_] a plant of the `daisy (雏菊)` family, with `aromatic (芳香)` divided leaves that are dark green above and `whitish (发白的)` below, native to north temperate regions.

* <span id='calamus'>calamus<span>: 菖蒲
  * [_n_]
    1. a preparation of the aromatic root of the sweet flag.
    1. the `hollow (凹)` lower part of the shaft of a feather, which lacks `barbs (矛头)`; a `quill (鹅毛笔)`.

* <span id='perfume'>perfume<span>:
  * [_n_] a fragrant liquid typically made from essential oils extracted from flowers and spices, used to impart a pleasant smell to one's body or clothes.
  * [_v_] impart a pleasant smell to.

* <span id='talisman'>talisman<span>:
  * [_n_] an object, typically an `inscribed (刻)` ring or stone, that is thought to have magic powers and to bring good luck.

* <span id='statutory'>statutory<span>:
  * [_adj_] required, permitted, or `enacted (颁布)` by `statute (法令)`.

* <span id='statesman'>statesman<span>:
  * [_n_] a skilled, experienced, and respected political leader or figure.

* <span id='antagonize'>antagonize<span>:
  * [_v_] cause (someone) to become `hostile (敌对)`.

* <span id='conspiracy'>conspiracy<span>:
  * [_n_] a secret plan by a group to do something unlawful or harmful.

* <span id='exile'>exile<span>:
  * [_n_] the state of being barred from one's native country, typically for political or punitive reasons.
  * [_v_] expel and bar (someone) from their native country, typically for political or punitive reasons.

* <span id='drown'>drown<span>:
  * [_v_] die through `submersion (浸没)` in and `inhalation (吸入)` of water.

* <span id='desperately'>desperately<span>:
  * [_adv_] in a way that shows `despair (绝望)`.

* <span id='teak'>teak<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. hard durable `timber (木材)` used in shipbuilding and for making furniture.
    1. the large deciduous tree native to India and Southeast Asia that yields this timber. 柚木

* <span id='scaly'>scaly<span>:
  * [_adj_] covered in `scales (鳞片)`.

* <span id='glutinous'>glutinous<span>:
  * [_adj_] like `glue (胶水)` in texture; sticky.

* <span id='moxa'>moxa<span>: 艾
  * [_n_] a downy substance obtained from the dried leaves of an Asian plant related to mugwort. It is burned on or near the skin in Eastern medicine as a counterirritant.

* <span id='sachet'>sachet<span>:
  * [_n_] a small perfumed bag used to scent clothes.


Article Source
---

1. <https://www.timeanddate.com/holidays/china/dragon-boat-festival>
