Everyday English
===

`2019/06/04`

How Trump's Mexico Tariffs Could Backfire and Increase Immigration
---

President Donald Trump wants to *[slap](#slap) tariffs on* Mexico if it doesn’t slow migration to the United States, but experts on trade and Latin America warn that the measures could end up driving even more people to head north.

Frustrated by continued arrival of migrants [fleeing](#flee) poverty and violence in El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras at the U.S. border, Trump said Tuesday that he would start imposing a 5% tariff on imports from Mexico, increasing to 25% in monthly increments through Oct. 1 if the country fails to *take unspecified steps* to halt the migration.

But the tariffs would probably push the already-[stagnant](#stagnant) Mexican economy into [recession](#recession), sending *a new wave of* migrants north, as similar conditions did in the early 2000s, said Shannon O’Neil, a `senior fellow (高级研究员)` for Latin America studies at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York.

“When Mexico’s economy weakens, Mexicans come north,” she said.

The threat of tariffs has already [underscored](#underscore) how closely the U.S. and Mexican economies are linked. Among U.S. manufacturers, Mexico becoming a favored destination for investments by American companies seeking to [relocate](#relocate) their supply chains from China because of *the mounting threat of (用来指越来越大的威胁)* an all-out trade war with the U.S.

Meantime, some 38% of Mexico’s `gross domestic product (GDP, 国内生产总值)` comes from trade, and 80 percent of that is with the U.S., noted O’Neil.

There is little Mexico could do to meet Trump’s demands, she added, noting that the better-equipped U.S. has been unable to handle the current wave of immigrants. Last year, O’Neil said, Mexico was “barely able” to process a quarter of some 30,000 applications for [asylum](#asylum) it received last year, and twice that number are expected this year.

One possible response to Trump’s demand, a so-called Safe Third Party Agreement, would require Mexico to handle all the applications for asylum from Central Americans and guarantee their safety in Mexico — something it is unable to provide many of its own citizens as it struggles with record homicide and other crime rates.

That, O’Neil said, “would leave Mexico in an even bigger [quandary](#quandary)”, so it is unlikely that Mexican President Andrés Manuel López Obrador, would agree to such an agreement.

What’s more, she said, Lopez Obrador took some steps to [deter](#deter) and [deport](#deport) immigrants, including [raiding](raid) hotels and other gathering places in southern Mexico, before Trump’s tariff threat, and **it’s unclear what more he could do given Mexico’s lack of resources**.

Trump’s tariff threat also has [undermined](#undermine) the new trade agreement his administration has *negotiated with* Mexico and Canada, said Edward Alden, a senior fellow at the Council, and is a “[qualitatively](#qualitative) different” [encroachment](#encroachment) on congressional authority than the President’s earlier imposition of tariffs on steel, aluminum and imports from China, which **rest on a President’s authority over national security issues**.

If tariffs rise, as Trump has threatened not only Mexico, but also China and Japan, “they create new uncertainty” and could *wipe out* the savings average U.S. families will receive from the Administration’s 2017 tax cuts, Alden said.

He estimated that new tariffs cost those families $430 in higher consumer prices last year, and that number will at least double in 2019.

While U.S. and Mexican officials are meeting this week in Washington, there is a political irony in Trump’s [bullying](#bully) [tactics](#tactic), said O’Neil: The more he threatens other countries such as Mexico and China, the more unpopular he becomes in those countries, **giving their leaders even less incentive to [yield](#yield) to him**.

In the U.S., it is not clear if the uncertain [prospects](#prospect) for a deal and the danger of the tariffs *doing more harm than good* will motivate Republicans in Congress to stop Trump. An earlier vote of disapproval did not have enough support to override a presidential [veto](#veto), although `GOP (Grand Old Party, 共和党的别称)` opposition to the Mexico tariffs appeared to be growing on Tuesday. For his part, Trump said it would be “foolish” for Congress to try to stop him.

“It’s more likely the tariffs will go on,” he said.

Words
---

* <span id='slap'>slap<span>:
  * [_adv_] suddenly and directly, especially with greate force.
  * [_n_] a blow with the palm of the hand or a flat object.
  * [_v_] hit (someone or something) with the palm of one's hand or a flat object.

* <span id='flee'>flee<span>:
  * [_v_] run away from a place or situation of danger.
      > a man was shot twice as he fled from five masked youths.

* <span id='stagnant'>stagnant<span>:
  * [_adj_] (of a body of water or the atmosphere of a confined space) having no `current (这里指流动)` or flow and often having an unpleasant smell as a consequene.

* <span id='recession'>recession<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a period of temporary economic decline during which trade and industrial activity are reduced, generally identified by a fall in GDP in two sucessive quarters.
    1. the action of `receding (recede, 后退)`; `motion (运动)` away from an observer.

* <span id='undersocre'>undersocre<span>:
  * [_v_] underline (something).
  * [_n_] a line drawn under a word or phrase for emphasis.

* <span id='relocate'>relocate<span>:
  * [_v_] move to a new place and establish one's home or business there.

* <span id='asylum'>asylum<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the protection granted by a nation to someone who has left their native country as a `political refugee (政治难民)`.
    1. an institution offering shelter and support to people who are mentally ill.

* <span id='quandary'>quandary<span>:
  * [_n_] a state of `perplexity (困惑)` or uncertainly over what to do in a difficult situation.
      > Kate is in a quandary

* <span id='deter'>deter<span>:
  * [_v_] discourage (someone) from doing something, typically by `instilling (灌输)` doubt or fear of the consequences.

* <span id='deport'>deport<span>:
  * [_v_]
    1. expel (a foreigner) from a country, typically on the grounds of illegal status or for having committed a crime.
    1. conduct oneself in a specified manner.
        > he has deported himself with great dignity.

* <span id='raid'>raid<span>:
  * [_n_] a sudden attack on an enemy by `troops (军队)`, aircraft, or other armed forces in warfare.
  * [_v_] conduct a raid on.

* <span id='undermine'>undermine<span>:
  * [_v_]
    1. `erode (侵蚀)` the base or foundation of (a rock formation).
    1. damage or weaken (someone or something), especially gradually or `insidiously (阴险地)`.

* <span id='qualitative'>qualitative<span>:
  * [_adj_] relating to, measuring, or measured by the quality of something rather than its quantity.

* <span id='encroachment'>encroachment<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. `instrusion (侵扰)` on a person's `territory (领土)`, rights, etc..
    1. a penalty in which a defensive player is positioned in the `neutral (中性、中立)` zone at the start of a play.

* <span id='bully'>bully<span>:
  * [_n_] a person who uses strength or power to harm or intimidate those who are weaker.
  * [_v_] use superior strength or influence to intimidate (someone), typically to force him or her to do what one wants.
  * [_adj_] very good; first-rate.
      > the statue really looked bully.

* <span id='tactics'>tactics<span>:
  * [_n_] an action or strategy carefully planned to achieve a specific end.

* <span id='yield'>yield<span>:
  * [_n_] the full amount of an agricultural or industrial product.
  * [_v_]
    1. produce or provide (a natural, agricultural, or industrial product).
    1. give way to arguments, demands, or pressure.
        > the Western powers now yielded when they should have resisted.

* <span id='prospect'>prospect<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the possibility or likelihood of some future event occurring.
    1. a person regarded as likely to succeed or as a potential customer, client, etc..
    1. an `extensive (广泛的)` view of landscape.
  * [_v_]
    1. search for mineral deposits in a place, especially by means of experimental `drilling (钻探)` and `excavation (挖掘)`.

* <span id='veto'>veto<span>:
  * [_n_] a constitutional right to reject a decision or proposal made by a law-making body.
  * [_v_] exercise a veto against (a decision or proposal made by a law-making body).


Article Source
---

1. <http://time.com/5600871/trump-mexico-tariffs-immigration-backfire/>
