Everyday English
===

`2019/06/10`

NASA Opens International Space Station to Private Visitors, With a Hefty Price Tag
---

Private space travel will begin as early as 2020, but for a [hefty](#hefty) price. NASA announced Friday that it would open the International Space Station to private individuals and more commercial business at roughly $35,000 per night per astronaut.

NASA hopes to develop a new space economy in low [orbit](#orbit) by opening up to *the private sector (私营部门)*. It’s also an effort to enable the agency to complete missions to Mars, and put a man and the first woman on the moon by 2024.

NASA expects to [accommodate](#accommodate) two short-term private astronaut visits to the space station per year in spacecraft designed in partnership with Boeing and Elon Musk’s SpaceX, known as the Commercial Crew Program. Missions can last as long as 30 nights and NASA will leave it up to the Commercial Crew Program to plan the trips and provide the training required to prepare private astronauts for space.

“That’s part of the challenge that we’ve given to them to see if the private sector can step up and *put all that together* to enable this,” said Bill Gerstenmaier, Associate Administrator for Human Exploration and Operations, at a Friday press conference. “But we’ve enabled the [facility](#facility), we’ve defined what use can be done, we’ve tried to provide the parameters so that then the private sector then can take those parameters, put it together and *work up* a business case.”

Commercial businesses that want to conduct business on the ISS must require a zero gravity-environment, have a connection to NASA’s mission, or *contribute to* the `sustainability (可持续性)` of a new economy.

President Donald Trump [chimed](#chime) in on Friday afternoon, stating NASA shouldn’t focus so much of it’s resources on traveling to the moon, and should focus on Mars instead.


Malaysia's Last Known Male Sumatran Rhino Has Died
---

The last known male `Sumatran (苏门答腊)` [rhino](#rhino) in `Malaysia (马来西亚)` has died following a months-long battle with worsening health, `National Geographic (国家地理)` reports.

The death *poses a further threat to* the critically endangered species of which fewer than 80 remain in the world.

“*It is with heavy hearts that* we share the tragic news that Tam, Malaysia’s last male Sumatran rhino, has passed away,” non-profit organization `Borneo Rhino Alliance (婆罗洲犀牛联盟)` wrote in a Facebook post Monday.

“We will share more details *in due time (在限定的时间内)*, but right now we need some time to [mourn](#mourn) his passing,” the organization added.

`Caretakers (看护人)` noticed a decline in the rhino’s [appetite](#appetite) and alertness in recent months, and subsequent tests revealed that his organs had begun to fail. Tam was estimated to have been in his thirties, and therefore of old age given that the species normally has *an average life span in the wild of* 30 to 40 years.

The rhino was captured after being discovered [roaming](#roam) in an *oil palm plantation (油棕榈种植园)* in 2008. Researchers hoped he would be able to contribute to efforts to [breed](breed) the critically endangered species *in [captivity](#captivity)*, but Tam died without reproducing.

Just one female Sumatran rhino, Iman, is left in Malaysia. Another female rhino, Puntung, was [euthanized](#euthanize) in 2017 due to cancer.

According to the `International Rhino Foundation (国际犀牛基金会)`, `Indonesia (印度尼西亚)` now holds the only remaining Sumatran rhinos — no more than 80 — in the world. Living mostly in the forests of Sumatra, the rhinos are threatened by [poaching](#poach) and `deforestation (森林砍伐)`; more than 70% of the population has been lost in recent decades.


Despite being widespread in the past, only five species of rhinos survive today and are all *under threat of* extinction, the `International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN, 国际自然保护联盟)` says.


Words
---

* <span id='hefty'>hefty<span>:
  * [_adj_] large, heavy, and powerful.

* <span id='orbit'>orbit<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the `curved (弯曲的)` path of a `celestial (天空的)` object or spacecraft around a star, planet, or moon, especially a periodic `elliptical (椭圆形)` `revolution (旋转，革命)`.
    1. *a sphere of (表示范围)* activity, interest, or application.
  * [_v_] (of a celestial object or spacecraft) move in orbit around (a star, planet, or moon).

* <span id='accommodate'>accommodate<span>:
  * [_v_]
    1. (of physical space, especially a building) provide lodging or sufficient space for.
    1. fit in with the wishes or needs of.

* <span id='facility'>facility<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. space or equipment necessary for doing something.
        > cooking facilities
    1. an ability to do or learn something well and easily; a natural aptitude.
        > he had a facility for languages.

* <span id='chime'>chime<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a bell or a metal bar or `tube (管)`, typically one of a set tuned to produce a `melodious (悠扬的)` series of ringing sounds when struck.
    1. `the projecting rim (突出边缘的部分)` *at the end of* a `cask (木桶)`.
  * [_v_]
    1. (of a bell or clock) make melodious ringing sounds, typically to indicate the time.
    1. be in agreement; `harmonize (协)`. 本文中采取本义，表示帮腔。

* <span id='rhino'>rhino<span>: 犀牛
  * [_n_] a rhinoceros. a large, heavily built plant-eating mammal with one or two horns on the nose and thick folded skin, native to Africa and southern Asia. All kinds have become endangered through hunting.

* <span id='mourn'>mourn<span>:
  * [_v_] feel or show deep sorrow or regret for (someone or their death), typically by following conventions such as the wearing of black clothes.

* <span id='appetite'>appetite<span>:
  * [_n_] a natural desire to satisfy a bodily need, especially for food.
      > he has a healthy appetite

* <span id='roam'>roam<span>:
  * [_v_] move about or travel aimlessly or unsystematically, especially over a wide area.
  * [_n_] an aimless walk.

* <span id='breed'>breed<span>:
  * [_v_] cause (an animal) to produce offspring, typically in a controlled and organized way.
  * [_n_] a stock of animals or plants within a species having a distinctive appearance and typically having been developed by `deliberate (刻意的)` selection.

* <span id='euthanize'>euthanize<span>:
  * [_v_] put (a living being, especially a dog or cat) to death `humanely (人道)`.

* <span id='poach'>poach<span>:
  * [_v_]
    1. cook (an egg), without its `shell (壳)`, in or over boiling water.
    1. illegally hunt or catch (game or fish) on land that is not one's own, or in contravention of official protection.
    1. (of an animal) `trample (践踏)` or cut up (`turf (草皮)`) with its `hoofs (蹄)`.


Article Source
---

1. <http://time.com/5603180/nasa-international-space-station-for-business/>
1. <http://time.com/5596728/malaysia-male-sumatran-rhino-dead/>
