Everyday English
===

`2019/06/24`

Who Gets to Own the West
---

By [Julie Turkewitz](https://www.nytimes.com/by/julie-turkewitz)

IDAHO CITY, Idaho — The Wilks brothers grew up in a goat shed, never finished high school and built a billion-dollar fracking business *from [scratch](#scratch)*.

So when the brothers, Dan and Farris, bought *a vast stretch of* mountain-studded land in southwest `Idaho (爱达荷州)`, it was not just an investment, but a sign of their good fortune.

“Through hard work and determination — and they didn’t have a lot of privilege — they’ve reached success,” said Dan Wilks’s son, Justin.

The purchase also placed the Wilkses high on the list of well-heeled landowners who are buying huge [parcels](#parcel) of America. In the last decade, private land in the United States has become increasingly concentrated *in the hands of a few*. Today, just 100 families own about 42 million acres across the country, a 65,000-square-mile [expanse](#expanse), according to the Land Report, a magazine that tracks large purchases. Researchers at the magazine have found that the amount of land owned by those 100 families has jumped 50 percent since 2007.

Much of that land stretches from the Rocky Mountains down into `Texas (德州)`, where, for some, commercial forests and retired ranches have become an increasingly attractive investment.

Battles over private and public land have been a defining part of the West since the 1800s, when the federal government began *doling out* free acres to encourage expansion. For years, fights have played out between private individuals and the federal government, which owns more than half of the region.

But now, with wealthier buyers purchasing even larger parcels, the battle lines have shifted. Many local residents see these new owners as a threat to a way of life beloved for its easy access to the outdoors, and **they complain that property that they once saw as public is being taken away from them**.

The Wilkses, who now own some 700,000 acres across several states, have become a symbol of the out-of-touch owner. In Idaho, as their property has expanded, the brothers have [shuttered](#shutter) trails and hired *armed guards* to patrol their acres, blocking and [stymying](#stymie) access not only to their private property, but also to some publicly owned areas. **This has *drawn [ire](#ire) from* everyday Idahoans who have hiked and hunted in those hills for generations**.

The Wilks brothers see what they are doing as a duty. God had given them much, Justin said. In return, he said, “we feel that we have a responsibility to the land.”

Some of the new owners have been welcomed. The cable magnate, John Malone, *for instance*, has been praised by the Nature Conservancy for his family’s conservation efforts, and other buyers have helped to clean up trails and restore [pristine](#pristine) acres.

The arrival of this new class of landholders comes as the region is experiencing the fastest population boom in the country, which is driving up housing prices and the cost of living and leaving many residents fearful of losing their culture and economic stability.

In Idaho, Rocky Barker, a retired columnist for The Idaho Statesman, has called the conflict a “clash between two American dreams,” pitting the nation’s respect for private property rights against the notion of a beauty-rich public estate *set aside for* the enjoyment of all.

The clash, he said, is part of a larger transformation of the region — from an economy rooted in extraction to one based on [recreation](#recreation); from a working class culture to a more moneyed one. “Big landowners,” he said, “are just another new force.”

### The Gate

Tim Horting is among the people **caught up in the debate**. Mr. Horting, 58, a heavy equipment salesman, grew up hiking in the woods north of Boise, a forest threaded by dirt routes that offer views of the state’s celebrated peaks. He learned the [terrain](#terrain) from his father, who taught him to chop wood, [gut](#gut) deer and haul game home for dinner.

Mr. Horting and his wife, Kim, built a cabin in those woods in 2006, right by Boise Ridge Road, which led to a popular recreation area built mostly on public land. The Hortings said they wanted their grandchildren to grow up with a feel for rural life. “This is the whole reason I moved here,” Mr. Horting said. For years, he assumed the road was public, and he would guide his `ATV (这里应该指的是沙滩车之类的)` up its steep ascent, his grandchildren in tow.

A generation of hikers, hunters and snowmobilers had done the same.

Then, in 2016, the Wilks purchased 172,000 acres at the edge of Mr. Horting’s home. Soon, *a gate went up on the road*, and a sign was tacked to a nearby tree: “Warning. Private Property. No [Trespassing](#trespass).”

To Mr. Horting and others, Boise Ridge Road was now closed.

It was just the beginning. Gates with “private property” signs were going up across the region. In some places, the Wilkses’ road closings were legal. In other cases, it wasn’t clear. Road law is *a tangled knot*, and Boise County had little money to grapple with it in court. So the gates stayed up.

The problem, said Mr. Horting, “is not the fact that they own the property. It’s that they’ve cut off public roads.”

“We’re being bullied,” he added. “We can’t compete and they know it.”

### The Owners

In recent years, longtime timber and *fossil fuel* investors have been joined by newer types of buyers in the region.

Brokers say the new arrivals are driven in part by a desire to invest in natural assets while they are still [abundant](#abundant), particularly amid a fear of economic, political and climate `volatility (波动)`.

“There is a tremendous underground, not-so-subtle awareness from people who realize that resources are getting [scarcer](#scarce) and scarcer,” said Bernard Uechtritz, a real estate adviser.

Among the nation’s top landowners are Mr. Malone, with 2.2 million acres in New Mexico, Colorado and other states; the media mogul Ted Turner, with two million acres in Montana, Nebraska and elsewhere; Peter Buck, a founder of Subway; Charles and David Koch, who run cattle outside of Lubbock, Tex.; and Jeff Bezos, who operates his space company from a West Texas outpost. William Bruce Harrison, the scion to an oil fortune, now owns 19 mountains in Colorado.

In the intermountain West, the purchases come amid a population boom that has [exacerbated](#exacerbate) local concerns about the loss of space and culture. Last year, Idaho and Nevada were the fastest growing states in the nation, followed closely by Utah, Arizona and Colorado.

These new buyers have become a symbol of a bigger problem: `The gentrification of the interior West (内陆西部的高档化)`.

In 2018, more than 20,000 Californians arrived in Idaho; home prices around Boise also jumped 17 percent. This has meant not just new [subdivisions](#subdivision) and [microbreweries](#microbrewery), but also packed schools, crowded ski trails and heightened anxiety among teachers, plumbers and others, who are finding that they can no longer afford a first home.

When Stan Kroenke, the owner of the Los Angeles Rams, purchased a vast Texas ranch in 2016, he sent [eviction](#eviction) notices to dozens of people with homes around a lake, some of whom were retirees with little money for a move. At the time, his representatives said he was returning the [shoreline](#shoreline) to a more natural state.

### The Wilkses

The Wilks brothers, the sons of a `bricklayer (瓦工)`, grew up outside Cisco, Tex., a town of fewer than 4,000 people where their father was the head of a conservative church called the Assembly of Yahweh.

At first, the brothers founded a `masonry (石工)` company. In 2001, seeing a business opportunity, they began building fracking equipment, just as an oil-and-gas boom took off. A decade later, they sold Frac Tech for a reported $3.5 billion.

This has allowed them to donate generously to causes they believe in, including right-wing media outlets, Senator Ted Cruz’s White House run and President Trump’s re-election bid. It has also allowed them to buy enormous parcels, particularly in Montana, where they are [prolific](#prolific) donors to local politicians, and in Idaho, where they’ve hired lobbyists to protect their interests.

In Montana, they own some 300,000 acres, and have built several homes and a private airport on a property called N Bar ranch. Today, they live mostly in Texas.

Justin Wilks said they had shuttered their Idaho acres to protect them, after years of unchecked snowmobiling and camping had ruined much of the landscape.

“We want to be good neighbors,” Mr. Wilks said. “I know some people think we haven’t been, just because we haven’t let them freely roam across our property as they saw fit. But I’ll also offer: Do you want me camping in your front yard?”

### Conservation

The concept of private property is embedded in the nation’s framework, and many large landowners cite this as the foundation for their holdings.

“John earned everything that he’s made,” said Rye Austin, who leads the land preservation foundation created by John Malone’s family. “If he wants to purchase and own land, we live in a capitalist country, why shouldn’t someone be able to buy land? That’s the whole concept of private property.”

Many landowners *are engaged in* conservation and have entered into easements that limit future development on their parcels, and also provide them with significant tax breaks.

But setting aside land for conservation has not always *staved off* criticism.

In Idaho, the Wilks brothers did more than gate a few roads. They also [revoked](#revoke) road-use contracts that *propped up* the region’s multimillion-dollar snowmobile industry, shut down hunting on their land and told timber companies to pull crews from the area. About 100 people lost their jobs.

No one claimed that those actions were illegal, but they heightened fears that local residents were losing control of the region. A 2017 video of a roadside argument between an armed Wilks guard and a local ATV rider traveled quickly around the state.

Afterward, the Wilks family hired a lobbyist to push for a law that would [stiffen](#stiffen) penalties for trespass. The bill passed.

Amid the dispute, some residents emailed the Wilkses, asking permission to cross their property. They were surprised to receive a response suggesting they first visit a popular right-wing website and share their opinions of its content.

The site, PragerU, features videos supporting the hard-lined conservative views of personalities like Ben Shapiro and Dinesh D’Souza. The portal has been heavily financed by the Wilkses.

Mr. Horting, a lifelong conservative, was “insulted,” he said. “I’m not going to give my political views to use your land.”

Soon, the brothers were the subject of articles in The Idaho Statesman. County `prosecutors (检察官)` began investigating the road closings and explored [litigation](#litigation).

In a series of peace offerings, the brothers reopened access to some snowmobile trails and restarted some logging. More recently, they opened the gate on Boise Ridge Road and removed the No Trespass signs. Some people in the area, including the Valley County recreation director, Larry Laxson, applauded the effort. “They did a lot of things wrong when they came to Valley County,” he said, “but it’s getting better.”

Mr. Wilks said he was trying to resolve access issues with frustrated neighbors. But ultimately, he said, “our Heavenly Father has blessed us with lots of gifts,” and his family’s priority was to protect them.

Words
---

* <span id='scratch'>scratch</span>:
  * [_n_] a mark or wound made by scratching.
  * [_v_] score or mark the surface of (something) with a sharp or pointed object.
  * [_adj_] assembled or made from whatever is available, and so unlikely to be of the highest quality.
  * from scratch: 从头开始

* <span id='parcel'>parcel</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a thing or collection of things wrapped in paper in order to be carried or sent by mail.
    1. a quantity or amount of something, especially as dealt with in one commercial transaction.
  * [_v_] make (something) into a parcel by wrapping it.

* <span id='expanse'>expanse</span>:
  * [_n_] an area of something, typically land or sea, presenting a wide continuous surface.

* <span id='shutter'>shutter</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. each of a pair of hinged panels, often louvered, fixed inside or outside a window that can be closed for security or privacyor to keep out light.
    1. a device that opens and closes to expose the film in a camera.
  * [_v_]
    1. close the shutters of (a window or building).

* <span id='stymie'>stymie</span>:
  * [_v_] prevent or hinder the progress of.

* <span id='ire'>ire</span>:
  * [_n_] anger.

* <span id='pristine'>pristine</span>:
  * [_adj_] in its original condition; unspoiled.

* <span id='recreation'>recreation</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. activity done for enjoyment when one is not working.
    1. the action or process of creating something again.

* <span id='terrain'>terrain</span>: 侧重于地形的意思
  * [_n_] a stretch of land, especially with regard to its physical features.

* <span id='gut'>gut</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the stomach or belly.
    1. personal courage and determination; toughness of character.
    1. a narrow passage or strait.
  * [_v_]
    1. take out the intestines and other internal organs of (a fish or other animal) before cooking it.
    1. cause (someone) to feel extremely upset or disappointed.

* <span id='trespass'>trespass</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. entry to a person's land or property without their permission.
    1. a sin; an offense.
  * [_v_]
    1. enter the owner's land or property without permission.
    1. commit an offense anainst (a person or a set of rules).

* <span id='abundant'>abundant</span>:
  * [_adj_] existing or available in large quantities; plentiful.

* <span id='scarce'>scarce</span>:
  * [_adj_] (especially of food, money, or some other resource) insufficient for the demand.

* <span id='exacerbate'>exacerbate</span>:
  * [_v_] make (a problem, bad situation, or negative feeling) worse.

* <span id='subdivision'>subdivision</span>:
  * [_v_] the action of subdividing or being subdivided.

* <span id='microbrewery'>microbrewery</span>:
  * [_n_] a limited-production brewery, typically producing specialty beers and often selling its products only locally.

* <span id='eviction'>eviction</span>:
  * [_n_] the action of expelling someone, especially a `tenant (承租人)`, from a property; `expulsion (开除)`.

* <span id='shoreline'>shoreline</span>:
  * [_n_] the line along which a large body of water meets the land.

* <span id='prolific'>prolific</span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. (of a plant, animal, or person) producing much fruit or foliage or many offspring.
    1. present in large numbers or quantities; plentiful.

* <span id='revoke'>revoke</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. put an end to the validity or operation of (a decree, decision, or promise).
    1. (in bridge, whist, and other card games) fail to follow suit despite being able to do so.

* <span id='stiffen'>stiffen</span>:
  * [_v_] make or become stiff or rigid.

* <span id='litigation'>litigation</span>:
  * [_n_] the process of taking legal action.

Article Source
---

1. <https://www.nytimes.com/2019/06/22/us/wilks-brothers-fracking-business.html>
