Everyday English
===

`2019/06/18`

Common nerve pain drug linked to suicidal behavior, overdose
---

(Reuters Health) - A class of medications used for nerve and muscle pain, including the popular drug Lyrica, increases users’ risks for [suicidal](#suicidal) behavior, [unintentional](#unintentional) [overdoses](#overdose), injuries and car accidents - and the risks are particularly high for teens and young adults, new research shows.

`Lyrica (pregabalin, 普瑞巴林)` and the older drug `gabapentin (加巴喷丁)`, collectively known as gabapentinoids, *are approved for treating several types of pain and for preventing [seizures](#seizure) in patients with [epilepsy](#epilepsy)*. [Prescribing](#prescribe) of these medications has *increased sharply* in recent years, while *off-label use*, meaning for a condition other than the approved [indication](#indication), is extremely common, Dr. Seena Fazel of the University of Oxford in the UK and colleagues write in the BMJ.

There’s some data linking these drugs to an increased risk of suicidal behavior and death from overdose, the authors note, but the evidence is mixed and comes from small studies.

Fazel’s team looked at Swedish registry data on 191,973 people age 15 and older prescribed pregabalin or gabapentin in 2006-2013. During that period, 5.2% were treated for suicidal behavior or died from suicide, 8.9% had unintentional overdoses, 6.3% had serious car accidents resulting in *emergency hospitalization* or death or were arrested or convicted for a traffic offense, 36.7% had head or body injuries, and 4.1% were arrested for violent crimes.

Compared to when the same people weren’t taking a gabapentinoid drug, their risk while taking pregabalin or gabapentin was 26% higher for suicidal behavior or suicide, 24% higher for accidental overdose, 22% higher for head or body injuries, and 13% higher for car crashes and traffic offenses.

When the authors looked at the drugs separately, they found pregabalin was associated with a higher risk, but gabapentin was associated with *a decreased risk or no change in risk*.

In a statement emailed to Reuters Health, Lyrica maker Pfizer said: “*When prescribed and administered appropriately as per the approved label*, Lyrica (pregabalin) is an important and effective treatment option for many people. The [clinical](#clinical) effectiveness of this medicine has been [demonstrated](#demonstrate) in a large number of robust clinical trials among thousands of patients.”

“These medications clearly have a role if they’re used in people *who have clear indications for their use*,” Fazel agreed. Still, he told Reuters Health in a phone interview, “We need to be more careful about how these medications are prescribed and I think at the very least we should review guidelines about their use just to make sure these guidelines are *up to date* with the latest evidence.”

In an email interview, Dr. Derek K. Tracy of Queen Mary’s Hospital, who wrote an editorial accompanying the study, said: “This very large trial provides important information that pregabalin - but not gabapentin - increased the risk of *a range of* [adverse](#adverse) outcomes, including suicide thinking and completed suicide, head injuries, and road traffic accidents. The risk was ‘dose-related’ which is to say **the more one takes, the more likely such outcomes were**, and young people aged 15 to 24 seem particularly [susceptible](#susceptible).”

While it’s not clear why prescribing of gabapentinoids has grown so rapidly, Tracy said, “`anecdotally (据传)` it appears that many doctors regarded them as relatively effective and `with a low side effect profile (低副作用的特征)`. As we accumulated more information over time, **it has become clear that this is not the case**, and most recently there has been a `countering (speak or act in opposition to)` drive to *try reduce their usage as their harm profile came more to the fore*.”

He added: “It is also becoming clearer with time that some people are becoming dependent (“addicted”) to gabapentinoids, though we still lack good information on exactly how common that is, or which groups of people might *be more [vulnerable](#vulnerable) to this*.”

The Wellcome Trust helped fund the study

Word
---

* <span id='suicidal'>suicidal</span>:
  * [_adj_] deeply unhappy or depressed and likely to commit suicide.

* <span id='unintentional'>unintentional</span>:
  * [_adj_] not done on purpose.

* <span id='overdose'>overdose</span>:
  * [_v_] take an overdose of a drug.
  * [_n_] an excessive and dangerous dose of a drug.

* <span id='seizure'>seizure</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the action of capturing someone or something using force.
    1. a sudden attack of illness, especially a stroke or an epileptic fit.

* <span id='epilepsy'>epilepsy</span>: 癫痫
  * [_n_] a neurological disorder marked by sudden recurrent episodes of sensory disturbance, loss of consciousness, or convulsions, associated with abnormal electrical activity in the brain.

* <span id='prescribe'>prescribe</span>:
  * [_v_] (of a medical `practitioner (从业者)`) advise and authorize the use of (a medicine or treatment) for someone, especially in writing.

* <span id='indication'>indication</span>:
  * [_n_] a sign or piece of information that indicates something.

* <span id='clinical'>clinical</span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. of or relating to the observation and treatment of actual patients rather than theoretical or laboratory studies.
    1. efficient and unemotional; coldly detached.

* <span id='demonstrate'>demonstrate</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. clearly show the existence or truth of (something) by giving proof or evidence.
    1. take part in a public demonstration.

* <span id='adverse'>adverse</span>:
  * [_adj_] preventing success or development; harmful; unfavorable.

* <span id='susceptible'>susceptible</span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. likely or liable to be influenced or harmed by a particular thing.
    1. capable or admitting of.

* <span id='vulnerable'>vulnerable</span>:
  * [_adj_] susceptible to physical or emotional attack or harm.

Article Source
---

1. <https://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-lyrica-side-effects/common-nerve-pain-drug-linked-to-suicidal-behavior-overdose-idUSKCN1TI2Q7>
