Everyday English
===

`2019/06/28`

Spider Man
---

### Classmates, Comrades, and Kin

May Parker took her nephew in to raise him as if he was her own son and has [instilled](#instill) values in Peter Parker that serve him well. So close are the two that he worries over hurting May with his Spider-Man activities and feels the pain of lying to her. May is easygoing *to some extent*, but is quick to let her nephew know when she is unhappy with any situation he may be involved in.

As a student at the Midtown School of Science and Technology, Parker enjoys only a very small circle of friends, partially due to his [extracurricular](#extracurricular) time as Spider-Man. His best friend is his classmate Ned, who discovers Spider-Man’s secret identity by accident and is in complete awe over the details of Parker’s costumed career. During Spider-Man’s first real adventure involving a major adversary, Ned provides valuable support, despite his seemingly [bumbling](#bumble) [demeanor](#demeanor).

Peter Parker’s kindhearted first crush, Liz, led to Peter’s shocking discovery that her father was his enemy, Adrian Toomes, and Liz’s [departure](#departure) not only from Peter’s school, but also from the city with her family.

Spider-Man maintains a mentor-student relationship with Tony Stark, even through ups and downs between them, due to Parker’s [rebellious](#rebellious) streak and his desire to be just like Stark when it comes to heroics.

### To the Avengers and Beyond

After securing Peter Parker’s promise of help *in the aftermath of* the Sokovia Accords, Tony Stark flew the teenager to Germany under the [pretense](#pretense), to his aunt, of a scholarship program and internship. Once there, Parker suited up in his new Stark-created Spider-Man gear and joined the confrontation under Stark’s direction against the [rogue](#rogue) heroes. Though a self-professed fan of Captain America, Parker temporarily stole the man’s famous shield *at the onset of* the battle, and later regretted having to clash with him and his companions. Overall, Spider-Man held his own against the Falcon and the Winter Soldier, and [toppled](#topple) a giant-size Ant-Man. He was taken out of the fight when Ant-Man accidentally struck him while falling, however. Stark ordered Parker to *stand down* for the rest of the action.

Upon returning to Queens, Parker explained away his injuries as the result of a [brawl](#brawl) he’d been in; May assumed that it was with fellow students. In reality, the young man looked forward to more battles, despite Stark’s seeming [reluctance](#reluctance) to involve him in any future battles.

Finally, after growing frustrated with the lack of direct communication with Stark, and [itching](#itch) to be useful as Spider-Man, Parker returned to crimefighting on the streets of his neighborhood. As fate would have it, he came across a group of criminals robbing a bank with weapons left over from the alien Chitauri invasion of New York. In the process of confronting them, however, he accidentally destroyed a nearby establishment. To make matters worse, Parker’s friend, Ned, discovered his Spider-Man secret. Tony Stark also personally warned Parker to [curtail](#curtail) his Super Hero activities and his campaign against the Vulture, the man responsible for supplying high tech weaponry to criminals.

Together, Parker and Ned *figured out* a way to track the criminals’ power source. After discovering it led to Washington D.C., the location of an upcoming school trip, the young hero went along as part of a science competition team. After a [harrowing](#harrow) experience at the Washington Monument with a Chitauri explosive, Parker returned to New York and tracked the Vulture to a deal on the Staten Island Ferry. Iron Man jetted in to help when the ensuing fight threatened to sink the ferry and kill those onboard; later Stark warned Parker again, in no uncertain terms, that his career as a Super Hero was over. To ensure Parker took him seriously, he also took back the Spider-Man suit.

[Dejected](#deject), Peter Parker turned back to his school activities and asked the girl of his dreams, Liz, to accompany him to the Homecoming dance. The night of the dance, he learned that Liz’s father is Adrian Toomes, the Vulture, and *in turn*, Toomes learned that he was Spider-Man. Toomes warned Parker to stay away, but the young man, wearing his original homemade Spider-Man costume, `stubbornly (固执地)` refused to give up and battled his [foe](#foe) all the way into the air and on top of a plane carrying Stark weapons the Vulture attempted to hijack.

Upon defeating his [adversary](#adversary), Spider-Man left him for the police and prepared to face Tony Stark’s [wrath](#wrath). Instead, impressed by the growth he had seen, Stark commended him for his victory, and offered Parker a new, upgraded Spider-Man suit and full Avengers membership. However, Peter had reevaluated how quickly he was trying to raise his status and politely declined Stark’s offer, deciding to stay a local hero for the time being. Returning home, he discovered Stark had returned the suit he’d taken back from him earlier, and Peter donned it again, only to be stumbled upon by May.

When Thanos’ followers came to Earth to acquire the Infinity Stones [harbored](#harbor) there, Spider-Man aided Iron Man and Doctor Strange in confronting the powerful being. Wanting to try to save Strange when he was abducted by the aliens, he stubbornly disobeyed Stark’s orders to stay behind and *[hitched](#hitch) a ride on* the departing starship—ultimately given an assist by the upgraded, armored suit Stark had made for him that he’d once turned down while declining Avengers membership.

Together, Parker, Stark, and Strange travelled to the dead world of Titan, where they met members of the Guardians of the Galaxy and prepared a plan to keep Thanos from getting Strange’s own Infinity Stone. The plan failed and the [tyrant](#tyrant) left Titan with the Stone, going on to gain the sixth and final Infinity Stone on Earth. Having done so, with a snap of his fingers, Thanos caused half of all life throughout the Universe to end. On Titan, those affected included Peter Parker, who could feel something was happening to him. Peter told Tony Stark he didn’t want to go and that he was sorry before [disintegrating](#disintegrate) into nothingness in Stark’s arms.

Words
---

* <span id='instill'>instill<span>:
  * [_v_]
    1. gradually but firmly establish (an idea or attitude, especially a desirable one) in a person's mind.
    1. put (a substance) into something in the form of liquid drops.

* <span id='extracurricular'>extracurricular<span>: 课外时间
  * [_adj_] (of an activity at a school or college) pursued in addition to the normal course of study.

* <span id='bumble'>bumble<span>：
  * [_v_]
    1. move or act in an awkward or confused manner.
    1. speak in a confused or indistinct way.

* <span id='demeanor'>demeanor<span>:
  * [_n_] outward behavior or bearing.

* <span id='departure'>departure<span>:
  * [_n_] the action of leaving, typically to start a journey.

* <span id='rebellious'>rebellious<span>:
  * [_adj_] showing a desire to resist authority, control, or convention.

* <span id='pretense'>pretense<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. an attempt to make something that is not the case appear true.
    1. a claim, especially a false or ambitious one.

* <span id='rogue'>rogue<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a dishonest or unprincipled man.
    1. an elephant or other large wild animal driven away or living apart from the herd and having savage or destructive tendencies.
  * [_v_] remove `inferior or defective (劣质或有缺陷的)` plants or seedlings from (a crop).

* <span id='topple'>topple<span>:
  * [_v_] overbalance or become unsteady and fall slowly.

* <span id='brawl'><span>:
  * [_n_] a rough or noisy fight or `quarrel (争吵)`.
  * [_v_] fight or quarrel in a rough or noisy way.

* <span id='reluctance'>reluctance<span>:
  * [_n_] unwillingness or disinclination to do something.

* <span id='itch'>itch<span>:
  * [_n_] an uncomfortable sensation on the skin that causes a desire to scratch.
  * [_v_] be the site of or cause an itch.

* <span id='curtail'>curtail<span>:
  * [_v_] reduce in extent or quantity; impose a restriction on.

* <span id='harrow'>harrow</span>:
  * [_n_] an implement consisting of a heavy frame set with teeth or tines that is dragged over plowed land to break up clods, remove weeds, and cover seed.
  * [_v_]
    1. draw a harrow over (land).
    1. cause distress to.

* <span id='deject'>deject<span>:
  * [_v_] make sad or dispirited; depress.

* <span id='foe'>foe<span>:
  * [_n_] an enemy or opponent.

* <span id='adversary'>adversary<span>:
  * [_n_] one's opponent in a contest, conflict, or dispute.

* <span id='wrath'>wrath<span>:
  * [_n_] extreme anger (chiefly used for humorous or `rhetorical (修辞)` effect).

* <span id='harbor'>harbor<span>:
  * [_n_] a place on the coast where vessels may find shelter, especially one protected from rough water by piers, jetties, and other artificial structures.
  * [_v_]
    1. keep (a thought or feeling, typically a negative one) in one's mind, especially secretly.
    1. give a home or shelter to.

* <span id='hitch'>hitch<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a temporary interruption or problem.
    1. a knot used for fastening a rope to another rope or something else.
    1. an act of `hitchhiking (搭便车)`.
    1. a period of service.
  * [_v_]
    1. move (something) into a different position with a jerk.
    1. travel by hitchhiking.
    1. fasten or tether with a rope.

* <span id='tyrant'>tyrant<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a cruel and `oppressive (压迫的)` ruler.
    1. a tyrant `flycatcher (蜘蛛)`.

* <span id='disintegrate'>disintegrate<span>:
  * [_v_] break up into small parts, typically as the result of impact or decay.

Article Source
---

1. <https://www.marvel.com/characters/spider-man-peter-parker/on-screen>
