Everyday English
===

Hong Kong Was My Refuge, Now Its Freedom Is at Stake
---

Until it was handed over to China by the British in 1997, Hong Kong was a safe [haven](#haven) for [dissident](#dissident) writers and artists. After my first book was banned by the Chinese government in 1987, Hong Kong became my [refuge](#refuge) for 10 years. In independent bookshops I could read books that were banned in the mainland. Within the four walls of my small home on `Lamma Island (南丫岛)`, I was able, for the first time, to write in complete freedom and feel entirely safe, knowing that no police officer would come knocking on my door. **Hong Kong was a welcoming, ever changing harbor that felt alive with new ideas and possibilities**.

The Basic Law, Hong Kong’s mini constitution that came into force in 1997, was supposed to guarantee that the territory’s freedoms and way of life would remain unchanged for 50 years. But by then, fellow dissidents and I [sensed](#sense) *in our bones* that Hong Kong’s independence was doomed. We had seen that the Chinese Communist Party never kept any of its promises to respect freedom and human rights, and we feared that well before 2047, China and Hong Kong would become “one country, one system.” On the day of the hand-over, as the `People’s Liberation Army (人民解放军)` [marched](#march) over the border, we walked onto the streets *banging drums* and [tossing](#toss) white “spirit money” into the air, [enacting](#enact) funeral rites for Hong Kong’s independence.

Now it is clear that the Chinese Communist Party *had no [intention](#intention) of* allowing Hong Kong to maintain its unique way of life. Judicial autonomy, press freedoms and civil liberties have been continuously eroded. This April, nine leaders of the Umbrella Movement were *charged with* “public [nuisance](#nuisance)” offenses. Four of them, including legal scholar Benny Tai and sociology professor Chan Kin-man, have been jailed. Three heroic young activists—Joshua Wong, Nathan Law and Alex Chow—who campaigned for universal [suffrage](#suffrage), were [imprisoned](#imprison). In 2015, five booksellers were [abducted](#abduct) to China by secret police.

Last October, in another attack on press freedom, the `Financial Times (金融时报)` journalist Victor Mallet was denied a work visa by the Hong Kong government. *It was widely assumed to be* punishment for `chairing a talk` by pro-independence activist Andy Chan. Since I left after the handover, I have frequently returned to Hong Kong, but I never felt in danger until November 2018. A few days before I was due to attend the Hong Kong `International Literary Festival (国际文学节)` to discuss my novel China Dream, a [satire](#satire) of Xi Jinping’s Orwellian rule, I was told my events were canceled. **I went anyway, determined, if necessary, to hold the talks in the street**. After a public [outcry](#outcry), the events were re-instated. But throughout the trip, I feared for my safety. From the moment I emerged from passport control, a loyal friend stuck by my side, even sleeping on a camp bed in my hotel room, lest I be kidnapped by China. It is a fear all dissidents in Hong Kong now face. But if the `extradition bill (引渡法案)` passes, this already [grave](#grave) situation will become much worse. Any opponent of Xi’s [regime](#regime) could be legally and openly abducted.

In Tibet and Xinjiang, the Chinese Communist Party has **in the main succeeded in [crushing](#crush) calls for freedom and true autonomy**. It has [incarcerated](#incarcerate) over a million `Muslim Uighurs (穆斯林维吾尔族)` in concentration camps—one of the most [atrocious](#atrocious) and horrific abuses of humanity scarring the world today. The situation of Hong Kong is different. Unlike their mainland [compatriots](#compatriot), *Hong Kongers have grown up knowing what it feels like to be free*. Aware that this freedom is now in danger, they will not [relinquish](#relinquish) it without a fight. Those crowds today on the streets of Hong Kong *braving* [riot](#riot) police, water cannons and tear gas understand that the Chinese judicial system is a tool of the state. Once accused and extradited, there is *no chance of* a fair trial.

They are struggling not just for their own personal liberty but for the soul of their territory. Will Western leaders abandon them as they have Xinjiang? If they fail to stand up to Beijing now, then eventually all of us, in every country around the world, could risk becoming the harried dissidents and [fugitives](#fugitive) of the Chinese Communist Party’s inhumane rule.

Words
---

* <span id='haven'>haven</span>:
  * [_n_] a place of afety or refuge.

* <span id='dissident'>dissident</span>:
  * [_adj_] in opposition to official policy.
  * [_n_] a person who opposes official policy, especially that of an authoritarian state.

* <span id='refuge'>refuge</span>:
  * [_n_] a condition of being safe or sheltered from pursuit, danger, or trouble.

* <span id='sense'>sense</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a faculty by which the body perceives an external stimulus; one of the faculties of sight, smell, hearing, taste, and touch.
    1. a feeling that something is the case.
    1. a sane and realistic attitude to situations and problems.
    1. a way in which an expression or a situation can be interpreted; a meaning.
    1. a property, e.g., direction of motion, distinguishing a pair of objects, quantities, effects, etc., that differ only in that each is the reverse of the other.
  * [_v_] perceive by a sense or senses.

* <span id='march'>march</span>:
  * [_n_] an act or instance of marching.
  * [_v_]
    1. walk in a military manner with a regular measured tread.
    1. (of a country, territory, or estate) have a common `frontier (边界)` with.

* <span id='toss'>toss</span>:
  * [_n_] an action or instance of tossing something.
  * [_v_]
    1. throw (something) somewhere lightly, easily or casually.
    1. search (a place).

* <span id='enact'>enact</span>:
  * [_v_]
    1. make (a bill or other proposal) law.
    1. act out (a role or play) on stage.

* <span id='intention'>intention</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a thing intended; an aim or plan.
    1. the healing process of a wound.

* <span id='nuisance'>nuisance</span>:
  * [_v_] a person, thing, or circumstance causing inconvenience or annoyance.

* <span id='suffrage'>suffrage</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the right to vote in political elections.
    1. a series of intercessory prayers or petitions.

* <span id='imprison'>imprison</span>:
  * [_v_] put or keep in prison or a place like a prison.

* <span id='abduct'>abduct</span>:
  * [_v_]
    1. take (someone) away illegally by force or deception; kidnap.
    1. (of a muscle) move (a limb or part) away from the midline of the body or from another part.

* <span id='satire'>satire</span>:
  * [_n_] the use of humor, irony, exaggeration, or ridicule to expose and criticize people's stupidity or vices, particularly in the context of contemporary politics and other topical issues.

* <span id='outcry'>outcry</span>:
  * [_n_] an `exclamation (感叹，叫喊)` or shout.

* <span id='grave'>grave</span>:
  * [_adj_] giving cause for alarm; serious.
  * [_n_] a place of burial for a dead body, typically a hole dug in the ground and marked by a stone or mound.
  * [_v_]
    1. `engrave (雕刻)` (an inscription or image) on a surface.
    1. clean (a ship's bottom) by burning off the `accretions (附着物)` and then `tarring (涂上焦油)` it.

* <span id='regime'>regime</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a government, especially an authoritarian one.
    1. a system or planned way of doing things, especially one imposed from above.

* <span id='crush'>crush</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a crowd of people pressed closely together, especially in an enclosed space.
    1. a brief but `intense (激烈的)` infatuation for someone, especially someone `unattainable (高不可攀的)` or inappropriate.
    1. a drink made from the juice of pressed fruit.
  * [_v_]
    1. deform, `pulverize (粉碎)`, or force inwards by compressing forcefully.
    1. (of a government or state) violently `subdue (征服)` (opposition or a rebellion).
    1. *bring about a feeling of* `overwhelming (压倒性的)` disappointment or embarrassment in (someone).
    1. have a brief but intense infatuation for (someone).

* <span id='incarcerate'>incarcerate</span>:
  * [_v_] imprison or confine.

* <span id='atrocious'>atrocious</span>:
  * [_adj_] horrifyingly wicked.

* <span id='compatriot'>compatriot</span>:
  * [_n_] a fellow citizen or national of a country.

* <span id='relinquish'>relinquish</span>:
  * [_v_] `voluntarily (自行)` cease to keep or claim; give up.

* <span id='riot'>riot</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a violent disturbance of the peace by a crowd.
    1. an impressively large or varied display of something.
  * [_v_] take part in a violent public disturbance.

* <span id='fugitive'>fugitive</span>:
  * [_n_] a person who has escaped from a place or is in hiding, especially to avoid arrest or persecution.

Related
---

`Orwellian`： 词源是英国小说家George Orwell（乔治·奥威尔）。该小说家著名作品有Animal Farm和1984等，都是影射前苏联的政治讽刺小说。引申义为：受严格统治而失去人性的社会。

Article Source
---

1. <https://time.com/5605999/ma-jian-hong-kong-freedom/>
