Everyday English
===

`2019/06/08`

Gwyneth Paltrow Had No Clue She Was in ‘Spider-Man: Homecoming’: Watch
---

Gwyneth Paltrow doesn’t *quite remember* all the times she and the Avengers assembled. During her appearance on The Chef Show, the actress was surprised to learn she appeared in 2017’s Spider-Man: Homecoming.

The [hilarious](#hilarious) moment came as Paltrow, 46, asked The Chef Show cohost Jon Favreau, another actor in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, how he and friend Roy Choi *came up with* the Netflix series.

“I started just filming,” Favreau, 52, replied. “We were actually doing it while we were filming Spider-Man. That was the first time.”

“We weren’t in Spider-Man,” Paltrow [interjected](#interject).
“Yes, we were,” her frequent [costar](#costar) said. “Homecoming. You were in Spider-Man.”

“No,” the Oscar winner replied. “I was in Avengers.”

But Favreau had his MCU *[lore](#lore) down (绝杀)* pat.

“Remember, Spider-Man, at the end?” he said. “And Tom Holland is there, and you’re gonna walk out and do a *press conference (新闻发布会)*? I give you the ring? That was Spider-Man.”

“Oh, yes!” an [astonished](#astonish) Paltrow responded. “That was Spider-Man? Oh, my God!”

The Oscar winner’s confusion is understandable: Since 2008, she has appeared as `Virginia (弗吉尼亚州)` “Pepper” Potts in seven Marvel films, including three Iron Man movies and three Avengers [installments](#installment). Favreau, meanwhile, has played Harold “Happy” Hogan in six Marvel films, including this year’s Spider-Man: Far From Home, *in addition to* his work directing the first two Iron Man features.

Paltrow isn’t the only Marvel actor to be [flummoxed](#flummox) by the [franchise](#franchise)’s timeline, however. Brie Larson previously disclosed that she didn’t know she was filming Avengers: Endgame while she showed up *on the set of* the 2018 film. “I had no idea what I was shooting, what the movie was,” she told the Philippine Daily Inquirer in April. “I didn’t know if anybody else was in a scene with me. I didn’t know anything. And it’s not until you show up that you get your pages for the day. But you only get your part. So it was like a scene that was completely black [redacted](#redact), and then just my one line.”

Spider-Man: Far From Home, the next Marvel film, will be released in theaters on July 2. Paltrow will star in the upcoming Netflix comedy The Politician, scheduled to start streaming on September 27.


Spider-Man: Far From Home
---

Spider-Man: Far From Home is an upcoming 2019 superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero of the same name. It is a [sequel](#sequel) to Spider-Man: Homecoming and Avengers: Endgame. The film is the twenty-third installment in the *Marvel Cinematic Universe* and the eleventh and the final installment of Phase Three. It is also the first film which takes place after the Infinity [Saga](#saga). It is set to be released on July 2, 2019.

Peter Parker returns in Spider-Man: Far From Home, the next chapter of the Spider-Man: Homecoming series! Our friendly neighborhood Super Hero decides to join his best friends Ned, MJ, and the rest of the gang on a European vacation. However, Peter's plan to leave super [heroics](#heroics) behind for a few weeks are quickly [scrapped](#scrap) when he `begrudgingly (小气)` agrees to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of several elemental creature attacks, creating havoc *across the [continent](#continent)*!


Words
---

* <span id='hilarious'>hilarious<span>:
  * [_adj_] extremely amusing.

* <span id='interject'>interject<span>:
  * [_v_] say (something) `abruptly (突然地)`, especially as an aside or interruption.

* <span id='costar'>costar<span>:
  * [_v_] appear in a production as a costar.
  * [_n_] a leading actor or actress appearing in a movie, on stage, etc., with another or others of equal importance. 配角

* <span id='lore'>lore<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a body of traditions and knowledge on a subject or held by a particular group, typically passed from person to person *by word of mouth (口口相传)*.
    1. the surface on each side of a bird's head between the eye and the upper base of the `beak (喙)`, or between the eye and `nostril (鼻孔)` in snakes.

* <span id='astonish'>astonish<span>:
  * [_v_] surprise or impress (someone) greatly.

* <span id='installment'>installment<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a sum of money due as one of several equal payments for something, spread over an agreed period of time.
    1. any of several parts of something that are published, broadcast, or made public in sequence at intervals.
    1. the process of installing something; installation.

* <span id='flummox'>flummox<span>:
  * [_v_] `perplex (困扰)` (someone) greatly; `bewilder (迷惑)`.

* <span id='franchise'>franchise<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. an authorization granted by a government or company to an individual or group enabling them to carry out specified commercial activities, e.g., providing a broadcasting service or acting as an agent for a company's products.
    1. the right to vote.
  * [_v_] grant a franchise to (an individual or group).

* <span id='redact'>redact<span>:
  * [_v_] edit (text) for publication.
      > I have to redact documents *on a regular basis (定期)*.

* <span id='sequel'>sequel<span>:
  * [_n_] a published, broadcast, or recorded work that continues the story or develops the theme of an earlier one.

* <span id='saga'>saga<span>:
  * [_n_] a long story of heroic achievement, especially a medieval prose narrative in Old Norse or Old Icelandic.

* <span id='heroics'>heroics<span>: 英雄事迹

* <span id='scrap'>scrap<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a small piece or amount of something, especially one that is left over after the greater part has been used.
    1. discarded metal for reprocessing.
    1. a fight or `quarrel (吵架)`, especially a `minor (次要的)` or `spontaneous (自发的)` one.
  * [_v_]
    1. discard or remove from service (a retired, old, or inoperative vehicle, vessel, or machine), especially so as to convert it to scrap metal.
    1. engage in a minor fight or quarrel.

* <span id='continent'>continent<span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. able to control movements of the `bowels (肠)` and `bladder (膀胱)`.
    1. exercising self-`restraint (克制)`, especially sexually.
  * [_n_] any of the world's main *continuous expanses of land* (Africa, Antarctica, Asia, Australia, Europe, North America, South America).


Intro
---

格温妮斯·帕特洛（Gwyneth Paltrow），美国演员。在漫威系列电影中饰演钢铁侠的妻子，小辣椒。

乔恩·费儒（Jon Favreau），美国演员。在漫威系列电影中饰演钢铁侠的助手，哈皮。

布丽·拉尔森（Brie Larson），美国演员、歌手、导演。在漫威系列电影中饰演惊奇队长。


Article Source
---

1. <https://www.msn.com/en-us/movies/news/gwyneth-paltrow-had-no-clue-she-was-in-spider-man-homecoming-watch/ar-AACxRTP?li=BBnb2gh>
1. <https://marvelcinematicuniverse.fandom.com/wiki/Spider-Man:_Far_From_Home>
