Everyday English
===

`2019/07/04`

For the First Time, Researchers Eliminated HIV From the Genomes of Living Animals
---

There’s no question that powerful anti-HIV medications can *do a fairly good job of* keeping the virus under control. Used properly, these anti-[retroviral](#retroviral) drugs (ARVs) can [suppress](#suppress) HIV enough to keep it at levels so low they’re undetectable in the blood, which [drastically](#drastically) lowers the chance of spreading the virus during sexual activity or [transfusions](#transfusion). But ARVs can only do so much.

They work best on viruses that are actively making copies of themselves and infecting healthy cells. HIV has evolved to “learn” this, and can mutate to become resistant to the medications so that as soon as the drug [onslaught](#onslaught) stops, *viruses replicate with abandon once again*. HIV can also preserve itself by hiding, [quiescent](#quiescent) and not replicating, in `lymph (淋巴)` and other tissues throughout the body. When the immune system drops its guard, these [latent](#latent) viruses can start replicating again. All of which means that once a person is infected, these viruses remain in the body like an [uncapped](#uncap) [grenade](#grenade), just waiting to overwhelm the immune system with millions of infectious virus, years, or even decades, after HIV infected its first cell.

Finding and eliminating every trace of the virus would be a far better solution than ARVs. But so far, researchers have not been able to create a [vaccine](#vaccine) or anything that can do that.

In a study published July 2 in Nature Communications researchers report a possible new way to eliminate HIV from an infected animal’s `genome (基因组)`. In a study involving 29 mice, in some of the animals the team used a combination of a modified ARV treatment to keep the virus at low activity levels, along with a powerful gene-editing technique that *snipped out* HIV genes from infected cells. In various tests, the scientists could find no trace of the virus in 30% of the animals.

“This observation is the first step toward showing for the first time, to my knowledge, that HIV is a curable disease,” says one of the study’s lead authors, Kamel Khalili, director of the center for neurovirology and the Comprehensive NeuroAIDS Center at Temple University’s Lewis Katz School of Medicine.

First, the researchers reduced actively replicating virus in the blood using conventional ARV drugs modified with a process called LASER ART. The process was developed by Dr. Howard Gendelman, chair of `pharmacology (药理)` and `experimental neuroscience (实验神经科学)` at the University of Nebraska Medical Center, and the study’s other lead author.

With LASER ART, traditional anti-HIV drugs are [tweaked](#tweak) so they develop a [crystal](#crystal) structure, and are then encased in fat-[soluble](#soluble) [particles](#particle). This enables them to slip through the [membranes](#membrane) of cells in places where HIV tends to hide, like the liver, lymph tissue, and spleen. Once inside, the cells’ enzymes start to release the drug. The crystal structure releases the drugs more slowly, allowing them to continue killing off [dormant](#dormant) viruses as they start to emerge and replicate for months rather than days or weeks, like the conventional forms of the medicines.

The second step involved using the gene-editing tool CRISPR-cas9 to splice out HIV from any circulating cells that are infected with viral genes—cells that the anti-HIV drugs missed.

Khalili had previously used CRISPR to successfully snip out HIV genes from human cells in a lab dish, as well as from lab animals. But, when used alone, CRISPR isn’t enough; once HIV replicates, it *[churns](#churn) out* so many copies that it’s not possible for CRISPR to edit them all. In fact, some of the mice were treated with CRISPR alone, and some with LASER ART alone; in both of these groups, levels of HIV rebounded eventually during the five to eight week study period.

However, when combined with LASER ART, the two [therapies](#therapy) effectively eliminated HIV from animals in the trials.

“Over the years, we have looked at HIV as an infectious disease. But once it gets into the cell, it’s no longer an infectious disease but becomes a [genetic](#genetic) disease because the viral genome is *incorporated into* the host genome,” says Khalili. “In order to cure the disease, we need a genetic strategy. Gene editing gives us the opportunity to eliminate viral DNA from host [chromosomes](#chromosome) without hurting the host genome.”

The CRISPR-cas9 technology was remarkably accurate and precise in animal tests, splicing out just HIV genes without making unwanted cuts elsewhere in the DNA of the mice, Khalili says. What’s more, the researchers also took immune cells, which HIV tends to target as hosts, from the animals treated with both LASER ART and CRISPR and transferred them to healthy animals to see if they developed HIV infection from any virus that may have remained. None did.

“We’re pretty confident with the outcome and very pleased to see that in small animals, using the technology and method we developed, one can achieve what we call a [sterilizing](#sterilize) cure, or elimination of the virus,” says Khalili.

The team is already testing the therapy in non-human primates, and hoping to confirm the same results. If it can, it would *open the door for* human testing. In 2015, Khalili co-founded the Philadelphia-based company Excision Biotherapeutics with plans to conduct future human trials using this treatment method, and he’s optimistic about the approach. “It seems that CRISPR might be the way to cure HIV—that’s what we’re hoping,” says Khalili.

Words
---

* <span id='retroviral'>retroviral</span>:
  * [_n_] 逆转录病毒

* <span id='suppress'>suppress</span>:
  * [_v_] forcibly put an end to.

* <span id='drastically'>drastically</span>:
  * [_adv_] in a way that is likely to have a strong or far-reaching effect.

* <span id='transfusion'>transfusion</span>:
  * [_n_] an act of stransfusing donated blood, blood products, or other fluid into the circulatory system of a person or animal.

* <span id='onslaught'>onslaught</span>:
  * [_n_] a fierce or destructive attack.

* <span id='quiescent'>quiescent</span>:
  * [_adj_] in a state or period of inactivity or dormancy.

* <span id='latent'>latent</span>:
  * [_adj_] (of a quality or state) existing but not yet developed or manifest; hidden; concealed.

* <span id='uncap'>uncap</span>:
  * [_v_] remove the lid or cover from.

* <span id='grenade'>grenade</span>:
  * [_n_] a small bomb thrown by hand or launched mechanically.

* <span id='vaccine'>vaccine</span>:
  * [_n_] a substance used to stimulate the production of antibodies and provide immunity against one or several diseases, prepared from the causative agent of a disease, its products, or a synthetic substitute, treated to act as an antigen without inducing the disease.

* <span id='tweak'>tweak</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a sharp twist or pull.
    1. a fine adjustment to a mechanism or system.
  * [_v_]
    1. twist or pull (something) sharply.
    1. improve (a mechanism or system) by making fine adjustments to it.

* <span id='crystal'>crystal</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a piece of a homogeneous solid substance having a natural geometrically regular form with symmetrically arranged plane faces.
    1. highly transparent glass with a high refractive index.
  * [_adj_] clear and transparent like crystal.

* <span id='soluble'>soluble</span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. (of a substance) able to be dissolved, especially in water.
    1. (of a problem) able to be solved.

* <span id='particle'>particle</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a minute portion of matter.
    1. a minor function word that has comparatively little meaning and does not inflect, in particular.

* <span id='membrane'>membrane</span>:
  * [_n_] a pliable sheetlike structure acting as a boundary, lining, or partition in an organism.

* <span id='dormant'>dormant</span>:
  * [_adj_] (of an animal) having normal physical functions suspended or slowed down for a period of time; in or as if in a deep sleep.

* <span id='churn'>churn</span>:
  * [_n_] a machine or container in which butter is made by agitating milk or cream.
  * [_v_]
    1. agitate or turn (milk or cream) in a machine in order to produce butter.
    1. (of liquid) move about vigorously.

* <span id='therapy'>therapy</span>:
  * [_n_] treatment intended to relieve or heal a disorder.

* <span id='genetic'>genetic</span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. of or relating to genes or heredity.
    1. of or relating to origin; arising from a common origin.

* <span id='chromosome'>chromosome</span>:
  * [_n_] a threadlike structure of nucleic acids and protein found in the nucleus of most living cells, carrying genetic information in the form of genes.

* <span id='sterilize'>sterilize</span>:
  * [_v_]
    1. make (something) free from bacteria or other living microorganisms.
    1. deprive (a person or animal) of the ability to produce offspring, typically by removing or blocking the sex organs.

Article Source
---

1. <https://time.com/5618644/hiv-gene-editing-cure/>
