Everyday English
===

`2019/07/02`

Spider-Man: Far From Home' gives fans what they want — but asks some tough questions, too
---

“Avengers: Endgame” was a sweeping, tragic [epic](#epic). The next film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) [franchise](#franchise), “Spider-Man: Far From Home,” couldn't be more different. The movie is a light-hearted action rom-com, filled with adorably awkward [banter](#banter), [spectacular](#spectacular) special effects and an *inspiring storyline*. **Off to the side of all that good cheer, though, “Far From Home” also raises more pointed questions about the superhero genre than its immediate predecessor**. Sometimes a smile can be more unsettling than tears.

The newest “Spider-Man” opens with an overly [bombastic](#bombastic), intentionally [farcical](#farcical) [montage](#montage) to the characters who died in “Endgame” — Iron Man, Captain America, Black Widow. **It maintains that light tone throughout**; what was presented as a crushing loss in “Endgame” is treated as cheerful entertainment. The fact that half the earth's population [disintegrated](#disintegrate) and then reappeared five years later is mined for [slapstick](#slapstick) comedy, but doesn't cause much lasting [trauma](#trauma).

High school goes on pretty much as usual, though the kids all had to restart the year. Peter Parker/Spidey (Tom Holland) heads to Europe on a summer school trip, hoping to ask out classmate MJ (Zendaya). While he's there he runs into giant, world-destroying monsters and the superhero Mysterio (Jake Gyllenhaal), who says he's from an alternate earth.

Holland is one of the most appealing MCU leads, and **his chemistry with Zendaya is so charming you almost wish Spider-Man didn’t have to constantly *rush off* to do superheroics**. Still, those heroics are very entertaining too, as towering monsters made of water or fire or whatever [stampede](#stampede) through various European cities, destroying historic skylines with Godzilla-like glee.

“Infinity War” and “Endgame” [swathed](#swathe) their fight scenes *in doom* and dread as fans waited for the next beloved character to die. “Far From Home,” though, knows that the battles are all in good fun; it compares them at many points to fantasy [spectacle](#spectacle) and entertainment. In one scene, the [villains](#villains) walk through a fight before it happens, figuring out how much damage to do here and which moves to make there; it intentionally [evokes](#evoke) a crew working on a special effects sequence. When you go to a superhero movie, you want to see awesome [stunts](#stunt), and that's exactly what “Far From Home” is going to give you.

Besides the [frothy](#frothy) water and fire monsters, though, “Far From Home” *grapples with* more down to earth [antagonists](#antagonist): `drones (无人驾驶飞机)`. Billionaire industrialist and inventor Tony Stark/Iron Man left Peter Parker a pair of glasses which control a global intelligence network. This gives Peter the ability to spy on his friend's texts. It also means he can launch thousands of killer drones.

After Peter almost accidentally targets a classmate and romantic rival for murder by drone, he starts to wonder whether he actually deserves such [lethal](#lethal) power. Peter is only 16; his main qualification for controlling a satellite defense network is that he dresses up in spandex, punches giant monsters and was the [protégé](#protégé) of an arms manufacturer. You can see Nick Fury's point when the hard-bitten spy (played by Samuel L. Jackson) suggests that the kid isn't ready for the job.

Nor is it just Peter who may not be ready. **The movie connects the giant monster battles and the drone strikes in ways that suggest viewer fascination with the first may create an unfortunate investment in the second**. After all, America produces both Marvel [blockbusters](#blockbuster) and a military-industrial [juggernaut](#juggernaut) that *rains down death on* individuals halfway across the world via robot. Should a country which thrills to scenes of [gratuitous](#gratuitous) destruction also have the power to inflict such [carnage](#carnage) on people halfway around the world?

Supposedly, we all know that the superheroes like Mysterio *blasting away* with green energy are a fantasy. They're just a [conglomeration](#conglomeration) of special effects and acting; they're not real. But is our `visceral (内脏)` joy in these displays of power completely harmless? Can you cheer as whole cities are destroyed for giggles without their being any consequences? When we tell ourselves stories about our own righteous destructive power over and over and over, that's bound to have some effect on how we feel about actual superweapons.

Of course, it's not even a spoiler to reveal that the movie validates Peter and his righteous control of drones. This is a superhero movie and he's the hero! The whole point is for him to self-actualize and prove himself worthy. He has great power; he takes great responsibility for it. **Superheroes go to war with all the power at their disposal**. They're supposed to [intervene](#intervene) and blow things up, just as the U.S. is supposed to intervene and blow things up. That's the right thing to do. That's how the narrative works. And at least in Hollywood, that narrative is fun.

And “Far From Home” really is fun, all the way through to the Easter eggs and plot reversals in the multiple after-credits sequences. **It is a movie that is fully aware of the joys of illusion, of fantasy and of its audience**. It gives fans everything they want, including the knowing wink that none of it is real. But it's also smart enough to know that reality and fantasy aren’t always so easy to separate. What you see affects what you believe. The right director with the right script, the right effects and the right team can even have you cheering for drones.

Words
---

* <span id='epic'>epic</span>:
  * [_adj_] of, relating to, or characteristic of an epic or epics.
  * [_n_] a long poem, typically one derived from ancient oral tradition, narrating the deeds and adventures of heroic or legendary figures or the history of a nation.

* <span id='franchise'>franchise</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. an authorization granted by a government or company to an individual or group enabling them to carry out specified commercial activities, e.g., providing a broadcasting service or acting as an agent for a company's products.
    1. the right to vote.
  * [_v_] grant a franchise to (an individual or group).

* <span id='banter'>banter</span>:
  * [_n_] the playful and friendly exchange of teasing remarks.
  * [_v_] talk or exchange remarks in a good-humored teasing way.

* <span id='spectacular'>spectacular</span>:
  * [_adj_] beautiful in a dramatic and eye-catching way.
  * [_n_] an event such as a pageant or musical, produced on a large scale and with striking effects.

* <span id='bombastic'>bombastic</span>:
  * [_adj_] high-sounding but with little meaning; inflated.

* <span id='farcical'>farcical</span>:
  * [_adj_] of or resembling a farce, especially because of absurd or ridiculous aspects.

* <span id='montage'>montage</span>:
  * [_n_] the process or technique of selecting, editing, and piecing together separate sections of film to form a continuous whole.

* <span id='disintegrate'>disintegrate</span>:
  * [_n_] break up into small parts, typically as the result of impact or decay.

* <span id='slapstick'>slapstick</span>:
  * [_n_] comedy based on deliberately clumsy actions and humorously embarrassing events.

* <span id='trauma'>trauma</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a deeply distressing or disturbing experience.
    1. physical injury.

* <span id='stampede'>stampede</span>:
  * [_n_] a sudden panicked rush of a number of horses, cattle, or other animals.
  * [_v_] (of horses, cattle, or other animals) rush wildly in a sudden mass panic.

* <span id='swathe'>swathe</span>:
  * [_n_] a piece or strip of material in which something is wrapped.
  * [_v_] wrap in several layers of fabric.

* <span id='spectacle'>spectacle</span>:
  * [_n_] a visually striking performance or display.

* <span id='villains'>villains</span>:
  * [_n_] (in a film, novel, or play) a character whose evil actions or motives are important to the plot.

* <span id='evoke'>evoke</span>:
  * [_v_]
    1. bring or recall to the conscious mind.
    1. invoke (a spirit or deity).

* <span id='stunt'>stunt</span>:
  * [_n_] an action displaying spectacular skill and daring.
  * [_v_]
    1. prevent from growing or developing properly.
    1. perform stunts, especially aerobatics.

* <span id='frothy'>frothy</span>:
  * [_adj_] full of covered with a mass of small bubbles.

* <span id='antagonist'>antagonist</span>:
  * [_n_] a person who actively opposes or is hostile to someone or something; an adversary.

* <span id='lethal'>lethal</span>:
  * [_adj_] sufficient to cause death.

* <span id='protégé'>protégé</span>:
  * [_n_] a person who is guided and supported by an older and more experienced or influential person.

* <span id='blockbuster'>blockbuster</span>:
  * [_n_] a thing of great power or size, in particular a movie, book, or other product that is a great commercial success.

* <span id='juggernaut'>juggernaut</span>:
  * [_n_] a huge, powerful, and overwhelming force or institution.

* <span id='gratuitous'>gratuitous</span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. uncalled for; lacking good reason; unwarranted.
    1. given or done free of charge.

* <span id='carnage'>carnage</span>:
  * [_n_] the killing of a large number of people.

* <span id='conglomeration'>conglomeration</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a number of different things, parts or items that are grouped together; collection.
    1. the process of forming a conglomerate.

* <span id='intervene'>intervene</span>:
  * [_v_]
    1. come between so as to prevent or alter a result or course of events.
    1. occur in time between events.

Article Source
---

1. <https://www.nbcnews.com/think/opinion/spider-man-far-home-gives-fans-what-they-want-asks-ncna1026021>
