Everyday English
===
`04/04/2019`

Words
---
* `imperial`:
  * [_adj_] of or `relating to(相关)` an `empire(帝国)`.
  * [_adj_] of, relating to, or denoting the system of nonmetric weights and measures (the ounce, pound, stone, inch, foot, yard, mile, acre, pint, gallon, etc.) formerly used for all measures in the UK, and still used for some.
  * [_n_] a small pointed beard growing below the lower `lip(嘴唇)` (associated with `Napoleon III(拿破仑三世)` of France).

* `controversy`: [_n_]
  * disagreement, typically when `prolonged(长期的)`, public, and `heated(激烈的, inflamed with passion or conviction.)`.

* `inflame`: [_v_]
  * `provoke(挑起，挑衅)` or `intensify(加强，加剧)` (strong feelings, especially anger) in someone.
  * cause `inflammation(炎症)` in (a part of the body).
  * `light up(点燃)` with or as if with `flames(火焰)`.

* `connotation`: [_n_]
  * an idea or feeling that a word invokes in addition to its literal or primary meaning.

* `cabinet secretary`: 内阁秘书
  `cabinet`: [_n_]
    * a `cupboard(橱柜)` with `drawers(抽屉)` or `shelves(架子)` for storing or displaying articles.
    * (in the US) `a body of` `advisers(顾问)` to the president, `composed of` the heads of the `executive departments(执行部门)` of the government.(由总统顾问组成的机构，由政府执行部门负责人组成。)
    * a small private room.

* `auspicious`: [_adj_] 吉祥
  `conducive to(有利于)` success; favorable.

* `breeze`:
  * [_n_] a gentle wind.
  * [_n_] a thing that is easy to do or accomplish.
  * [_v_] come or go in a `casual(随意)` or `lighthearted(轻松、轻盈)` manner.

* `elaborate`: [_v_]
  * develop or present (a theory, policy, or system) `in detail`.
  * (of a natural agency) produce (a substance) from its elements or simpler `constituents(成分)`.

* `throne`:
  * [_n_] a ceremonial chair for a `sovereign(主权)`, `bishop(主教)`, or `similar figure(类似的人物)`.
  * [_v_] place (someone) on a throne.
    eg: the king was throned on a rock.（国王坐在石头上）

Sentences
---
* Social media users were quick to `point out(指出)` that `while` the second character could be translated as 'peace', the first, rei, had the opposite connotation, suggesting strict command or control.

* `Militarism(军国主义)` is `a sensitive topic` in Japan, which passed reforms in 2015 to expand the role of its defense forces `despite` `vehement protests(激烈的抗议活动)` inside and outside the `legislature(立法机关)`. (这句话是说，日本仍通过2015年的改革来扩大国防力量的作用)

* "If you look up [rei] in dictionaries, I believe `a meaning like this does show up(does用来加重语气，表明确实会出现)`, but it has multiple other meanings too", Satake told the Times, `referring to` the `lesser known(鲜为人知)` `interpretation of` rei as "good" or "beautiful".

* Prime Minister Shinzo Abe `elaborated on(详细的说明、阐述)` the name `in a statement`: "In this auspicious month of early spring, the weather is fine and the wind gentle".

* The Reiwa era will begin on May 1, when Crown Prince Naruhito takes the `throne(王座)` and Emperor Akihito steps down, `marking the end of(终结，结束)` his 30-year Heisei era.

Article source
---
1. [Japan Says the Name of Its New Imperial Era Means](http://time.com/5564063/japan-imperial-era-reiwa-naruhito-meaning/) from **TIME**