Everyday English
===
`02/04/2019`

Words
---
* `drastic`:
  likely to have a strong or `far-reaching(深远)` effect; radical and `extreme(极端)`.
* `radical`:
  * (especially of change or action) relating to or affecting the `fundamental nature of something(事物的基本性质)`; far-reaching or `thorough(彻底)`.
  * advocating or based on thorough or complete political or social reform; representing or supporting an extreme section of a political party.
  * a person who advocates thorough or complete political or social reform; a member of a political party or part of a party pursuing such aims.
* `substantial`:
  * `of considerable(相当的)` importance, size, or worth.
  * concerning the `essentials(要点，要领)` of something.
  * real and `tangible(有形的, a thing that is perceptible by touch)` rather than `imaginary(想象的)`.
* `smuggling`:
  move (goods) illegally into or out of a country.
* `ongoing`:
  continuing; still in progress.
* `surge`:
  * a sudden powerful forward or upward movement, especially by a crowd or by a natural force such as the waves or `tide(潮汐)`.
  * (of a crowd or a natural force) move suddenly and powerfully forward or upward.
  * `surge of` `激增`
* `ultimately`: finally; in the end.
* `asylum`:
  * the protection `granted by(被授予)` a nation to someone who has left their native country as a political `refugee(难民)`.
  * an institution offering shelter and support to people who are `mentally ill(精神病患者)`.
* `ports of entry`: 入境口岸
* `anonymity`: the condition of being anonymous.
* `inspectors`:
  * an official employed to ensure that official regulations are obeyed, especially in public services.
  * a police officer ranking below a `superintendent(所长)` or `police chief(局长)`.
* `deport` 动词:
  * expel (a foreigner) from a country, typically `on the grounds of(以...为由)` `illegal status(非法身份)` or for having committed a crime.
  * conduct oneself `in a specified manner(特定的方式)`.
* `expel`: 驱逐
  `deprive(剥夺)` (someone) of membership of or involvement in a school or other organization.
* `conduct oneself`:
  * a person's own self.
  * used to emphasize that one does something individually or `unaided(独立的，without help)`.
  * in one's normal and individual state of body or mind; not influenced by others.

Sentences
---
* President Donald Trump on Friday `threatened to(威胁要做什么事)` close America’s southern border or `large sections of(这里指上述南部边界相关的大部分地区)` it next week, a potentially drastic step affecting the economies of both the U.S. and Mexico, if Mexico does not `halt(停止)` illegal immigration "immediately."
* The White House did not immediately `respond to` questions about whether his possible action would `apply to(适用于)` commercial and air travel, but a substantial closure could `have an especially heavy impact on(有巨大的影响)` cross-border communities from San Diego to South Texas, as well as supermarkets, factories, and `other businesses across the country that rely on trade from Mexico(依赖于墨西哥贸易的全国其他产业，that作为business的定语)`.
* Trump’s `declaration` _came_ a day after Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador said his country was `doing its part to(尽力而为)` fight migrant smuggling. 
* We `don’t in any way want(绝不希望)` a `confrontation with(与...对抗)` the U.S. government.
* Many people who cross the border illegally ultimately `request asylum(申请庇护)` under U.S. law, which does not require `asylum seekers` to enter at an official crossing.
* The official, who spoke to reporters `on condition of(在...条件下)` anonymity, did not specify which ports the administration was considering closing, but said only that closures were `"on the table"`.
* `Democratic(民主党)` and `Republican(共和党)` lawmakers have `fought over(争论)` whether there actually is a "crisis" at the border, particularly amid Trump’s push for a border wall, which he claims will solve immigration problems, though a wall wouldn't keep out families who cross the border at official points so they can surrender and be `detained(拘留)`.
* `The Department of Homeland Security(国土安全局)` wants the authority to detain families for longer and more quickly `deport` children from Central America who arrive at the border `on their own(自行[越过国境])`.

Article source
---
1. [President Trump Threatens to Close Mexican Border Next Week Over Immigration
](http://time.com/5561348/trump-close-mexican-border-caravan/) from **TIME**