Everyday English
===

`2019/05/22`

Tesla reduces prices on Models S and X amid stock slump
---

DETROIT (AP) -- Tesla has reduced the prices of its two most expensive models, *raising concerns about* fading interest in its cars and whether the company can generate enough cash to pay all the bills.

On Monday, Tesla cut $3,000 from the price of the Model S sedan and $2,000 from the Model X SUV.

The company said *in a statement* that it periodically adjusts prices and available options like other car companies. The decreases offset price increases from a month ago when Tesla offered longer battery range and added a new drive system and [suspension](#suspension). The statement didn't say if *slowing sales* influenced the decision.

The moves come as Tesla's stock is under pressure from investors who are becoming [skeptical](#skeptical) of CEO Elon Musk's ability to turn a profit and keep the business growing, all while balancing demands of developing a self-driving ride system and building new products such as a small SUV, a pickup truck, a new roadster and an electric semi.

"The business fundamentals of Tesla always have been [shaky](#shaky), but the stock price has been [buoyed](#buoy) by the story that this is a company that was going to do huge things," said Navigant Research analyst Sam Abuelsamid. "What we've seen in the last month or so is people are starting to recognize maybe that wasn't really true."

The Palo Alto, California, company, which had been growing sales until this year, has *run into trouble* while trying to make the [transition](#transition) from a niche producer of luxury electric vehicles to a mass-market automaker. *In order to* control costs to bring down the price of its less-expensive Model 3, it's been forced to go through two rounds of [layoffs](#layoff) and close some of its stores.

Musk told employees that expenses are being reviewed since the company went on a "Spartan diet" after losing $702.1 million in the first quarter. **All of this came after Tesla had difficulties producing the Model 3**.

And Musk's own behavior has been questionable at times. He's *run [afoul](#afoul) of* the Securities and Exchange Commission for posting important company information on Twitter. Last year, he was seen appearing to smoke marijuana during an interview. He [berated](#berate) stock market analysts for asking questions about Tesla's finances and was sued after calling a diver who helped rescue a Thai youth soccer team from a flooded cave a [pedophile](#pedophile).

Tesla shares closed Tuesday down slightly at $205.08. They have fallen more than 38% so far this year, cutting the company's market value more than $20 billion to $36.5 billion.

With the price cuts, the Model S now starts at $71,250 while the X starts at $71,950. Both prices don't include federal and state tax credits.

Tesla said in a statement that the reductions are about 2% to 3% on the S and X. The company last week raised the price of its top-selling Model 3 by $400, pushing the base price to $35,400.

"By any reasonable standard, these small changes are not newsworthy," the company said in a statement.

**Last quarter was among the worst for Tesla in the past two years**. Sales [tumbled](#tumble) 31% in the period. Musk predicted another loss in the second quarter but said Tesla would be profitable again by the third quarter.

In January, the automaker cut its prices by $2,000 per vehicle, acknowledging that the [pending](#pending) [expiration](#expiration) of a $7,500 federal tax credit for its electric cars will hurt sales. The credit is gradually being *[phased](#phase) out* for Tesla by the end of the year.


Words
---

* <span id='suspension'>suspension<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the action of suspending someone or something or the condition of being suspended, in particular.
    1. the system of `springs (弹簧)` and `shock absorbers (减震器)` by which a vehicle is cushioned from road conditions.
    1. a mixture in which particles are dispersed throughout *the bulk of* a fluid. 一种粒子分散在整个流体的混合物。

* <span id='skeptical'>skeptical<span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. not easily convinced; having doubts or reservations.
    1. relating to the theory that certain knowledge is impossible.

* <span id='shaky'>shaky<span>: [_adj_] shaking or trembling.

* <span id='buoy'>buoy<span>:
  * [_n_] an anchored float serving as a navigation mark, to show reefs or other hazards, or for mooring.
  * [_v_]
    1. keep (someone or something) afloat. 原文是引申意义，表示提高，振发向上。
    1. mark with a buoy.

* <span id='transition'>transition<span>:
  * [_n_] the process or a period of changing from one state or condition to another.
  * [_v_] undergo or cause to undergo a process or period of transition.

* <span id='layoff'>layoff<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a discharge, especially temporary, of a worker or workers.
    1. a period during which someone does not take part in a customary sport or other activity.

* <span id='afoul'>afoul<span>: [_adv_] into conflict or difficulty with.

* <span id='berate'>berate<span>: [_v_] scold or criticize (someone) angrily.

* <span id='pedophile'>pedophile<span>: [_n_] a person who is sexually attracted to children.

* <span id='tumble'>tumble<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a sudden or headlong fall.
    1. a friendly sign of recognition, acknowledgment, or interest.
  * [_v_]
    1. (typically of a person) fall suddenly, clumsily, or headlong.
    1. understand the meaning or hidden implication of (a situation).
    1. perform acrobatic or gymnastic exercises, typically handsprings and somersaults in the air.
    1. clean (castings, gemstones, etc.) in a tumbling barrel.

* <span id='pending'>pending<span>:
  * [_adj_] awaiting decision or settlement.
  * [_prep_] until (something) happens or takes place.

* <span id='expiration'>expiration<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the ending of the fixed period for which a contract is valid.
    1. exhalation of breath.

* <span id='phase'>phase<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a distinct period or stage in a process of change or forming part of something's development.
    1. a genetic or seasonal variety of an animal's coloration.
    1. a distinct and homogeneous form of matter (i.e., a particular solid, liquid, or gas) separated by its surface from other forms.
    1. the relationship in time between the successive states or cycles of an oscillating or repeating system (such as an alternating electric current or a light or sound wave) and either a fixed reference point or the states or cycles of another system with which it may or may not be in synchrony.
  * [_v_]
    1. carry out (something) in gradual stages.
    1. adjust the phase of (something), especially so as to synchronize it with something else.


Article Source
---

1. <https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tesla-reduces-prices-models-x-184734102.html> from **YAHOO**.
