Everyday English
===

`2019/05/06`

Why Can't Trump Cut a Deal With Chinese Leaders? Because They're Too Much Alike
---

Donald Trump has wanted to *negotiate with* the Chinese for years.

In his 2011 book, "Time to Get Tough," he argued that American politicians were "to put it [succinctly](#succinctly), stupid," and **that his experiences working with Chinese executives in real estate would give him an advantage**. "I know the Chinese, and understand and respect the Chinese," he wrote.

But as a Friday deadline passed on China trade talks, it seemed the master negotiator couldn't yet *pull off the art of the deal*. And the reasons are the classic mistakes that send deals south: He and Chinese President Xi Jinping misread each other, **overplayed their hands and left themselves little room to compromise**, at least in the near future.

The failure to reach a deal is not surprising, because while they lead different and competing economic and political systems, Trump and Xi also [resemble](#resemble) one another. Both are [intent](#intent) at *gathering power in their own hands*, leaving themselves the `lone (这里指唯一的)` decision makers and credit takers.

Xi Jinping saw that Trump [undercut](#undercut) his own [subordinates](#subordinate) — Steven Mnuchin, Wilbur Ross, even Robert Lighthizer, the official whose [hardline](#hardline) views are closest to his own instincts — by [contradicting](#contradict) them publicly in tweets and *[offhand](#offhand) remarks to the press*.

Watching the President's [mercurial](#mercurial) behavior and [fondness](#fondness) for creating chaos and [craving](#crave) the spotlight, the Chinese leader concluded that the best way to close a deal was by dealing directly with Trump. But when he saw the second meeting between the American leader and North Korea's Kim Jong-Un founder, Xi changed his mind, leaving the negotiations to Vice Premier Liu He, a reform-minded economist, and his team.

Despite all the public optimism, Liu and Lighthizer never *[nailed](#nail) down* some of the essential details of a possible deal. Would all [tariffs](#tariff) be reduced, or just some of them, and if so, at what rate? Over three years or five? Would some, for example the Chinese levy on U.S. [agricultural](#agricultural) products, simply be replaced by others, like children switching horses in mid-ride on a carousel? What would the deal to increase trust on both sides?

On one point, at least, China and the U.S. agreed: Neither wants nor trusts third-party [arbitration](#arbitration).

Xi made one more try *at the personal approach*, writing Trump a "beautiful letter," but it was no more successful that Kim's love letters, at least for now.

Both Trump and Xi also think their own country's economic strength will force the other to [bend](#bend), and Xi underestimated Trump's affection for tariffs and his belief that America's farmers will stick with him even if China [retaliates](#retaliate) against the U.S. agriculture sector.

Trump, in turn, was surprised and angered when China suddenly *[balked](#balk) at* [revising](#revise) its laws on *intellectual property*, financial services and other issues, instead agreeing to a series of administrative actions, even though trade experts inside and outside the government said that was a typical Chinese negotiating tactic they had expected.

Still, *when word spread*, the [hurdle](#hurdle) was widely interpreted as a sign that a deal that opened China to more American soybeans but also still open to obtaining more U.S. technology, data, and other key elements of a 21st-century economy would be a weak one.

Trump's reaction was predictable: He threatened to raise the tariffs on $200 billion worth of imports from China to 25%, a move that would hit hard at American companies whose supply chains are almost entirely in China. That will boost the tariff on Chinese-made products such as shoes and [apparel](#apparel) to nearly half the products' value, according to an April 22 report in DCVelocity, a trade publication. Trump then *waved a threat to* tax another $325 billion worth of Chinese imports in Xi's face.

China, in turn, responded predictably, but less `vocally (畅所欲言)`, confining its threat of [countervailing](#countervail) tariffs and [vow](#vow) not to make concessions to an official newspaper's blog.

Xi made one more try at the personal approach, writing Trump a "beautiful letter," but whether it is more successful that Kim's love letters remains to be seen.

So what now?

Trump thinks China's economy is facing a downturn and Beijing will bend in order to preserve its access to the U.S. market. Lighthizer thinks higher tariffs will help accomplish one of his main objectives — forcing U.S. importers to move their supply chains out of China to Vietnam, Cambodia, India, and other low-cost manufacturers, as some already have begun doing.

Based on their experience with Trump's steel and aluminum tariffs and 10 percent duties on other goods, the Chinese think time is on their side and they can manage lower margins and diversify their export markets, as Beijing already is doing with its Belt-and-Road [initiative](#initiative) and its promotion of 5G internet technology with discounts as large as 90 percent, according to U.S. officials.

For now, the big questions remain unanswered.

While both sides stay at or return to the table? Trump and Xi are scheduled to meet *on the margins of* the G20 economic summit in Osaka June 28-29, but if there is no deal in hand by then, U.S. officials say Vice President Mike Pence may go to Japan instead. His staff is already on standby.

Has the failure to reach a deal by Trump's deadline `signaled` [deteriorating](#deteriorate) relations, not just between two countries and their leader's ambitions, but between two politico-economic systems? Will it *spill over into* other major issues such as North Korea, Taiwan, and freedom of navigation in the thawing Arctic and the contested South China Sea?

The only people who know what will happen next are Trump and Xi, and even they may not *have a clue*.

Words
---

* <span id='succinctly'>succinctly</span>: 简洁的

* <span id='resemble'>resemble</span>: [_v_] have qualities or features, especially those of appearance, in common with (someone or something); look or seem like.

* <span id='intent'>intent</span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. resolved or determined to do (something).
    1. (sepecially of a look) showing `earnest (认真)` and `eager (急于)` attention.

  * [_v_] intention or purpose.

* <span id='undercut'>undercut</span>
  * [_n_]
    1. a space formed by the removal or absence of material from the lower part of something, such as a cliff, a coal seam, or part of a carving in relief.
    1. the underside of a sirloin of beef. 牛里脊肉的下面

  * [_v_]
    1. offer goods or services at a lower price than (a competitor).
    1. cut or wear away the part below or under (something, especially a cliff).
        > Opposite the cottonwood, on the far bank, is a 40-foot undercut cloff that resembles the prow of a ship.
    1. weaken; undermine.
    1. (in sports such as tennis or golf) strike (a ball) with a chopping motion so as to give it `backspin (旋转)`.

* <span id='subordinate'>subordinate</span>:
  * [_n_] a person under the authority or control of another within an organization.
  * [_v_] treat or regard as of lesser importance than something else.
  * [_adj_] lower in rank or position.

* <span id='hardline'>hardline</span>:
  * [_n_] an `uncompromising (严峻、坚定的)` `adherence (忠诚、信奉)` to a firm policy.
  * [_adj_] uncompromising; strict.

* <span id='contradict'>contradict</span>: [_v_] deny the truth of (a statement), especially by asserting the opposite.

* <span id='offhand'>offhand</span>:
  * [_adj_] ungraciously or offensively nonchalant or cool in manner. 无礼或进攻性冷漠或冷静的手段。
    > his offhand way of talking.
  * [_adv_] without previous thought or consideration.

* <span id='mercurial'>mercurial</span>：
  * [_adj_]
    1. (of a person) subject to sudden or unpredictable changes of mood or mind.
    1. of or containing the element `mercury (水银)`.

  * [_n_] a drug or other compound containing mercury.

* <span id='fondness'>fondness</span>: [_n_] affection or liking for someone or something.

* <span id='crave'>crave</span>: [_v_] feel a powerful desire for (something).

* <span id='nail'>nail</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a small metal spike with a broadened flat head. driven typically into wood with a hammer to join things together or to serve as a peg or hook.
    1. a horny covering on the upper surface of the tip of the finger and toe in humans and other primates. 指甲盖
    1. a medieval unit of measurement. 中世纪的计量单位

  * [_v_]
    1. fasten to a surface or to something else with a nail or nails.
    1. expose (someone) as `deceitful (欺骗)` or criminal; catch or arrest.
        > have you nailed the killer?
    1. tackle the quarterback or ballcarrier, especially at or behind the line of scrimmage.
    1. (of a man) have sexual intercourse with (someone)

* <span id='tariff'>tariff</span>:
  * [_n_] a tax or duty to be paid on a particular class of imports or exports.
  * [_v_] fix the price of (something) according to a tariff.
      > these services are tariffed by volume.

* <span id='agricultural'>agricultural</span>: [_adj_] of or relating to agriculture. 农业

* <span id='arbitration'>arbitration</span>: [_n_] the use of an arbitrator to settle a dispute. 仲裁

* <span id='bend'>bend</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a curve, especially a sharp one, in a road, river, racecourse, or path.
    1. a curved or angled part or form of something.
    1. a kind of knot used to join two ropes, or to tie a rope to another object, e.g. a carrick bend.
    1. decompression sickness, especially in divers.
    1. an ordinary in the form of a broad diagonal stripe from top left (dexter chief) to bottom right (sinister base) of a shield or part of one.

  * [_v_]
    1. shape or force (something straight) into a curve or angle.
    1. (of a person) incline the body downward from the vertical. 弯腰
        > he bent down and picked her up.
    1. force or be forced to submit.
        > they want to bend me to their will.
    1. direct or devote (one's attention or energies) to a task.
    1. attach (a sail or rope) by means of a knot.

* <span id='retaliate'>retaliate</span>: [_v_] make an attack or assault in return for a similar attack.

* <span id='balk'>balk</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. an illegal motion made by a pitcher that may deceive a base runner.
    1. a roughly squared timber beam. 方形的木梁
    1. any area on a pool or `billiard (台球)` table in which play is restricted in some way.
    1. a ridge left `unplowed (未开垦)` between `furrows (畦)`.

  * [_v_]
    1. hesitate or be unwilling to accept an idea or undertaking.
    1. (of a pitcher) make an illegal motion, penalized by an advance of the base runners.

* <span id='revise'>revise</span>:
  * [_n_] a proof including corrections made in an earlier proof.

  * [_v_]
    1. reconsider and alter (something) in the light of further evidence.
    1. reread work done previously to improve one's knowledge of a subject, typically to prepare for an examination.

* <span id='hurdle'>hurdle</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. an upright frame, typically one of a series, that athletes in a race must jump over. 几百米栏跑步过程的中栏
    1. an `obstacle (障碍)` or difficulty.
    1. a portable rectangular frame strengthened with willow branches or wooden bars, used as a temporary fence.

  * [_v_]
    1. take part in a race that involves jumping hurdles.
    1. enclose or fence off with hurdles.

* <span id='apparel'>apparel</span>:
  * [_n_] clothing.
  * [_v_] clothe (someone)
      > all the vestments in which they used to apparel their Deities.

* <span id='countervail'>countervail</span>: [_v_] offset the effect of (something) by countering it with something of equal force.

* <span id='vow'>vow</span>:
  * [_n_] a `solemn (庄严)` promise.

  * [_v_]
    1. solemnly promise to do a specified thing.
    1. dedicate to someone or something, especially a deity.

* <span id='initiative'>initiative</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the ability to assess and initiate things independently.
    1. the power or opportunity to take charge before others do.
    1. an act or strategy intended to resolve a difficulty or improve a situation; a fresh approach to something.
    1. (especially in some US states and Switzerland) the right of citizens outside the legislature to originate legislation.

* <span id='deteriorate'>deteriorate</span>: [_v_] become progressively worse.

Article Source
---
1. [Why Can't Trump Cut a Deal With Chinese Leaders? Because They're Too Much Alike](http://time.com/5587081/china-trade-talks-tariffs-failure/) from **TIME**.
