Everyday English
===

`2019/05/24`

What's the Best Way to Get Rid of a Bad Aftertaste?
---

Ordering a dish loaded with [garlic](#garlic) or onions can be a [commitment](#commitment). The [flavors](#flavor) can [linger](#linger) on the tongue long after a [meal](#meal) is over, **no matter how many breath [mints](#mint) you pop**.

But what actually causes a bad [aftertaste](#aftertaste) — and is there any way to get rid of it?

Cordelia Running, director of the Saliva, Perception, Ingestion and Tongues (SPIT) lab at Purdue University, says that aftertastes are generally caused by “little bits of the actual flavor [stimuli](#stimuli) that might *hang around*”: physical [remnants](#remnant) of food that *get caught in the mouth*, for example, or [molecules](#molecule) that remain in the [saliva](#saliva) or [mucus](#mucus).

[Potent](#potent) foods, such as garlic and onions, may cause an even lengthier aftertaste because molecules associated with their taste and [scent](#scent) can get into the bloodstream and circulate throughout the body, Running explains. Once they’re in the blood, the substances “can [ooze](#ooze) out through the fluids between your cells,” Running says, getting into saliva and sweat and potentially *contributing to* a lasting taste or smell. The [compounds](#compound) are also *passed up through* the lungs and throat before exiting through the mouth, another way they can contribute to aftertaste. The substances are so [pervasive](#pervasive) that pregnant women’s `amniotic (羊水)` fluid may even smell different after they eat garlic, research shows.

Raw, chopped garlic and onions are the worst offenders, Running says. “When you smash something like garlic or onions, you damage the cells,” she explains. “You release `enzymes (酶)` that are present in that food, that the plants [evolved](#evolve) to protect themselves from being smashed and eaten” — *in other words*, the enzymes that give onions and garlic their [stinky](#stinky), burning properties.

Brushing and flossing are good first lines of defense against a bad aftertaste, `since` they can remove physical food particles [lodged](#lodge) in your mouth. But if those compounds get into your bloodstream, no amount of brushing will cure your breath completely, Running says. “If it really is coming from these things in your bloodstream, you may just smell like garlic *for a while*.”

You could also try *canceling out* the aftertaste with other [odors](#odor) or flavors, Running says, but you run the risk of creating a mixture that leads to “more unpleasantness.” One study from 2016 suggests that apples, mint leaves or [lettuce](#lettuce) are the best foods to eat to get rid of an aftertaste, because they contain substances that may counteract the stinky ones in your blood. [Parsley](#parsley) and milk may also work, according to the chemistry blog Compound Interest.

If that doesn’t do the job, you may just have to wait it out, Running says. **Even then, it may take people different amounts of time to fully process certain foods — which may explain why some people are [tormented](#torment) by aftertastes for hours, and others hardly notice them**.

“All of that depends on, how well did you chew our food? How fast did your stomach dump it into your intestines? How fast does it pass through your intestines?” Running says. “T**here’s an enormous range of variability from one person to the next**.”

As with many things, prevention is the best medicine. Cooking garlic and onions before eating them [neutralizes](#neutralize) those potent enzymes *and in turn cuts down on aftertaste*, Running says.

> Write to Jamie Ducharme at jamie.ducharme@time.com.

Words
---

### about food

* <span id='garlic'>garlic<span>:
  * [_n_] 大蒜
    1. a strong-smelling `pungent (强烈的味道或气味)`-tasting bulb, used as a flavoring in cooking and in herbal medicine.
    1. the plant, closely related to the onion, that produces this bulb.

* <span id='mint'>mint<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. an `aromatic (芳香)` plant native to `temperate regions (温带地区)` of the Old World, several kinds of which are used as `culinary (烹饪)` herbs.
    1. a pepper`mint` candy. 
    1. a place where money is coined, especially under state authority.
  * [_v_] make (a coin) by stamping metal.
  * [_adj_] (of an object) in pristine condition; as new.
      > a pair of speakers including stands, mint, $160.

* <span id='lettuce'>lettuce<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. `a cultivated plant (栽培植物)` of the daisy family, with `edible (可食用的)` leaves that are a usual `ingredient (成分)` of salads. Many varieties of lettuce have been developed with a range of form, texture, and color. 生菜
    1. paper money; greenbacks. 纸币
        > It takes a lot of lettuce to pay today's players.

* <span id='parsley'>parsley<span>: [_n_] a `biennial (两年一次)` plant with white flowers and aromatic leaves that are either `crinkly (皱巴巴)` or flat and used as a culinary herb and for garnishing food. 香菜


### others

* <span id='commitment'>commitment<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the state or quality of being dedicated to a cause, activity, etc..
    1. an engagement or obligation that restricts freedom of action.

* <span id='flavor'>flavor<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the distinctive taste of a food or drink.
    1. an indication of the essential character of something.
    1. a kind, variety, or sort. 种类
    1. a quantized property of quarks that differentiates them into at least six varieties (up, down, charmed, strange, top, bottom). 夸克的量子化属性

  * [_v_] alter or enhance the taste of (food or drink) by adding a particular `ingredient (成分)`.

* <span id='linger'>linger<span>: [_v_] stay in a place longer than necessary, typically because of a `reluctance (unwillingly)` to leave.

* <span id='meal'>meal<span>:
  * any of the regular occasions in a day when a reasonably large amount of food is eaten, such as breakfast, lunch, or dinner.
  * the edible part of any grain or pulse ground to powder, such as cornmeal.

* <span id='aftertaste'>aftertaste<span>: [_n_] a taste, typically an unpleasant one, remaining in the mouth after eating or drinking something.

* <span id='stimuli'>stimuli<span>: [_n_] a thing or event that evokes a specific functional reaction in an organ or `tissue (组织)`.

* <span id='remnant'>remnant<span>:
  * [_n_] a small remaining quantity of something.
  * [_adj_] remaining

* <span id='molecule'>molecule<span>: [_n_] a group of atoms bonded together, representing the smallest fundamental unit of a chemical compound that can take part in a chemical reaction. 分子

* <span id='saliva'>saliva<span>: [_n_] watery liquid `secreted (分泌)` into the mouth by glands, providing `lubrication (润滑)` for chewing and swallowing, and aiding `digestion (消化)`. 唾液

* <span id='mucus'>mucus<span>: [_n_] a slimy substance, typically not miscible with water, secreted by mucous membranes and glands for lubrication, protection, etc.. 粘液

* <span id='potent'>potent<span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. having great power, influence, or effect. 强有力的
    1. (of a male) able to achieve an `erection (勃起)` or to reach an `orgasm (性高潮)`.
    1. formed of crutch-shaped pieces; (especially of a cross) having a straight bar across the end of each extremity.
    1. of the fur called potent (as a `tincture (酊剂)`). 强效的毛皮
  * [_n_] fur resembling vair, but with the alternating pieces T-shaped.

* <span id='scent'>scent<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a distinctive smell, especially one that is pleasant.
    1. a `trail (痕迹)` indicated by the characteristic smell of an animal and perceptible to hounds or other animals.
    1. the faculty or sense of smell. 嗅觉
  * [_v_]
    1. impart a pleasant scent to.
        > a glass of tea scented with lemon balm.

    1. discern by the sense of smell. 通过嗅觉辨认出
        > a shark can scent blood from well over half a mile away.

* <span id='ooze'>ooze<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the `sluggish (呆滞)` flow of a fluid. 缓慢的流动
    1. an `infusion (注入，浸入)` of `oak bark (橡木树)` or other vegetable matter, used in tanning.
    1. `wet mud or slime (湿泥或粘泥)`, especially that found at the bottom of a river, lake, or sea.
  * [_v_]
    1. (of a fluid) slowly `trickle (flow in a small stream)` or seep out of something; flow in a very `gradual (渐进)` way.
    1. give a powerful impression of (a quality).
        > he oozed charm and poise.

* <span id='compound'>compound<span>:
  * [_adj_] made up or consisting of several parts or elements, in particular.
  * [_n_]
    1. a thing that is composed of two or more separate elements; a mixture.
    1. an open area enclosed by a `fence (围栏)`, for example around a factory or large house or within a prison.
  * [_v_]
    1. make up (a composite whole); constitute.
        > a dialect compounded of Spanish and Dutch

    1. make (something bad) worse; intensify the negative aspects of.
        > I compounded the problem by trying to make wrong things right

    1. forbear from prosecuting (a `felony (重罪)`) in exchange for money or other consideration.

* <span id='pervasive'>pervasive<span>: [_adj_] (especially of an unwelcome influence or physical effect) spreading widely throughout an area or a group of people.

* <span id='evolve'>evolve<span>:
  * [_v_]
    1. develop gradually, especially from a simple to a more complex form.
    1. give off (gas or heat).

* <span id='stinky'>stinky<span>: [_adj_] having a strong or unpleasant smell.

* <span id='lodge'>lodge<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a small house at the gates of a park or in the grounds of a large house, typically occupied by a gatekeeper, gardener, or other employee.
    1. a branch or meeting place of an organization such as the `Freemasons (共济会)`.
  * [_v_]
    1. present (a complaint, appeal, claim, etc.) formally to the proper authorities.
    1. make or become firmly fixed or embedded in a particular place.
        > they had to remove a bullet lodged near his spine.

    1. stay or sleep in another person's house, paying money for one's accommodations.
        > the man who lodged in the room next door.

    1. (of wind or rain) flatten (a standing crop).
        > rain that soaks standing or lodged crops.

* <span id='odor'>odor<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a distinctive smell, especially an unpleasant one.
    1. a lingering quality, impression, or feeling attaching to something.

* <span id='torment'>torment<span>:
  * [_n_] severe physical or mental suffering.
  * [_v_] cause to experience severe mental or physical suffering.

* <span id='neutralize'>neutralize<span>: [_v_] render (something) ineffective or harmless by applying an opposite force or effect.

Article Source:
---
1. From TIME: <http://time.com/5584027/how-to-get-rid-of-aftertaste/>
