Everyday English
===

`2019/05/06`

Will Spider-Man: Far from Home Reveal MJ Is Really Nick Fury's Daughter
---

Is MJ the daughter of Nick Fury in Spider-Man: Far from Home? `A new fan theory seems to think so` and has a [decent](#decent) amount of **evidence to back the theory up**. This would make for a pretty interesting [twist](#twist) in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and for Peter Parker, who would see himself under even closer [scrutiny](#scrutiny) from Fury when the movie `hits theaters` this summer. Fury and Parker are in Europe for the sequel as the Elementals [wreak](#wreak) [havoc](#havoc), while Mysterio is more than likely planning something [nefarious](#nefarious).

One of the first elements of this new Spider-Man: Far From Home theory **notes** Nick Fury has spent the last few years in hiding and hasn't been seen a whole lot in the Marvel Cinematic Universe since Age of Ultron (Captain Marvel doesn't count since it takes place in the 1990s) and adds the fact that the character mentions his wife "**[threw](#threw) him out**" in Civil War. **Fury could very well have been protecting his family during this time, which is where MJ comes in**. Could Fury really have kept this a secret for this long?

Like Nick Fury, MJ is pretty [sneaky](#sneaky) and is always "creeping up on people," according to the Spider-Man: Far From Home fan theory. **The theory goes on to outline her wardrobe and notices that it is all dark in color, like Fury's and it goes on to state her hair is often covering one eye, which could also be another Fury attribute, like the eyepatch**. Additionally, she is always [profiling](#profile) people and seemed to know a great deal about Peter Parker, like she may have a top secret file on him back at home, thanks to her alleged father.

Another one portion of the MJ and Nick Fury theory *points to the fact* that she is anti-government. This element could **stem from** the fact her father is on the run from a corrupt government. Is she a political [rebel](#rebel) like Fury? Obviously, this is all a fun theory and has not been proven officially by anyone at Sony or Marvel Studios. With that being said, we'll have to **keep an eye on** Tom Holland during the press tour for the sequel in the next few months. He's sure to spoil something between now and then and this would be pretty huge.

As someone else pointed out, the Spider-Man: Far From Home theory could also be the reason why Nick Fury is personally in Europe with Peter Parker and MJ instead of having someone else from S.H.I.E.L.D. **out to keep tabs on them**. **However, this could be one long stretch too**. Whatever the case may be, *this is still a lot of fun to think about until the movie hits theaters this summer*. For now, MCU fans have their sights set on Avengers: Endgame, which opens in theaters this week. You can check out the original Spider-Man: Far From Home fan theory over at Reddit.

Words
---

* <span id='decent'>decent</span>: [_adj_]
    1. conforming with generally accepted standards of respectable or moral behavior.
    1. of an acceptable standard; satisfactory.

* <span id='twist'>twist</span>:
    * [_n_]
        1. an act of turning something so that it moves in relation to something that remains stationary.
        1. a thing with a spiral shape. `a licorice twist`
        1. a distorted shape.
        1. a point at which something turns or bends.
        1. a fine strong thread consisting of twisted strands of cotton or silk.
        1. a drink consisting of two ingredients mixed together.
        1. a carpet with a tightly curled pile.

    * [_v_]
        1. form into a bent, curling, or distorted shape.
        1. cause ti rotate around something that remains stationary; turn.
        1. dance the twist.
        1. cheat; defraud. `For those of you who lied, twisted, cheated and bullied until the least worst choice available to me was to close the site, congratualations.`

* <span id='scrutiny'>scrutiny</span>: [_n_] critical observation or examination.

* <span id='wreak'>wreak</span>: [_v_] cause (a large amount of damage or harm).

* <span id='havoc'>havoc</span>:
    * [_n_] widespread destruction.
    * [_v_] **lay waste to**; `devastate (destroy or ruin)`.

* <span id='nefarious'>nefarious</span>: [_adj_] (typically of an action or activity) wicked or criminal.
    1. wicked: [_adj_] evil or morally wrong.
    1. criminal: [_adj_] of or relating to a crime.

* <span id='threw'>threw</span>: [_v_]
    1. propel (something) with force through the air by a movement of the arm and hand.
    1. cause to enter suddenly a particular state or condition.
    1. send (one's opponent) to the ground in wrestling, judo, or similar activity.
    1. form (ceramic ware) on a potter's wheel.
    1. have (a fit or tantrum).
    1. give or hold (a party).

* <span id='sneaky'>sneaky</span>: [_adj_] furtive; sly.
    1. furtive: attempting to avoid notice or attention, typically because of guilt or a belief that discovery would lead to trouble; secretive.
    1. sly: having or showing a `cunning (狡猾)` and `deceitful (狡诈)` nature.

* <span id='profile'>profile</span>:
    * [_n_]
        1. an outline of something, especially a person's face, as seen from one side. `The man turned and she caught his profile.`
        1. a short article giving a description of a person or organization.
        1. a graphical or other representation of information relating to particular characteristics of something, recorded in quantified form.
        1. the extend to which a person or organization attracts public notice.
    * [_v_]
        1. describe (a person or organization, especially a public figure) in a short article.
        1. represent in outline from one side.

* <span id='rebel'>rebel</span>:
    * [_n_] a person who rises in opposition or armed resistance against an estabished government or ruler.
    * [_v_] rise in opposition or armed resistance to an established goverment or ruler.