Everyday English
===

`2019/05/16`

President Trump Issues Executive Order Seemingly Aimed at China and Huawei
---

(WASHINGTON) — President Donald Trump issued *an executive order* Wednesday to help protect the United States against foreign [adversaries](#adversary) that are *taking advantage of* technological `vulnerabilities (漏洞)` to threaten U.S. communications systems.

The order, which declared a national emergency *in response to* the threat, does not name specific countries or companies. But it appears to target Chinese tech [giant](#giant) Huawei, the world’s biggest supplier of network [gear](#gear) used by phone and internet companies. **Huawei has long been seen as a front for spying by the Chinese military or security services, but the company has denied the [allegations](#allegation)**.

Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai applauded Trump’s executive order, saying it would safeguard the U.S. communications supply chain. “`Given (鉴于)` the threats presented by certain foreign companies’ equipment and services, this is a significant step toward securing America’s networks,” he said.

The Trump administration has been trying with only some success to persuade [allied](#ally) nations not to use Huawei equipment. Last year, Trump signed a bill that barred the U.S. government from using equipment from Huawei and China’s ZTE Corp.

**The U.S., which is [embroiled](#embroil) in an [escalating](#escalate) trade war with China, also has sounded warnings about Huawei’s efforts to expand into Europe**. The U.S. worries that China could use Huawei gear to *gain access to* private, commercial or other information that could compromise NATO and allied intelligence operations.

**Early this year, the `Justice Department (司法部)` [unsealed](#unseal) criminal charges against Huawei, a top company executive and several [subsidiaries](#subsidiary), [alleging](#allege) the company stole trade secrets, misled banks about its business and violated U.S. [sanctions](#sanction)**. The [sweeping](#sweeping) indictments accuse the company of using extreme efforts to steal trade secrets from American businesses — including trying to take a piece of a robot from a T-Mobile lab.

The executive charged is Huawei’s chief financial officer, Meng Wanzhou, who was arrested in Canada in December. The U.S. is seeking to [extradite](#extradite) her.

Words
---
* <span id='adversary'>adversary</span>: [_n_] one's opponent in a contest, conflict, or dispute.

* <span id='gear'>gear</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. one of a set of toothed whells that work together to alter the relation between the speed of driving mechanism (such as the engine of a vehicle or the crank of a bicycle) and the speed of the driven parts (the wheels).
    1. equipment that is used for a particular purpose.
  * [_v_] design or adjust the gears in (a machine) to give a specified speed or power output.
  * `network gear`: 网络设备

* <span id='giant'>giant</span>:
  * [_adj_] of very great size or force; `gigantic (巨大)`.
  * [_n_]
    1. an imaginary or mythical being of human form but superhuman size.
    1. a star of relatively great size and luminosity compared to ordinary stars of the main sequence, and 10–100 times the diameter of the sun.

* <span id='allegation'>allegation</span>: [_n_] a claim or assertion that someone has done something illegal or wrong, typically one made without proof.

* <span id='ally'>ally</span>:
  * [_n_] a state formally cooperating with another for a military or other purpose, typically by treaty.
  * [_v_] combine or unite a resource or commodity with (another) for mutual benefit.

* <span id='embroil'>embroil</span>: [_v_] involve (someone) deeply in an argument, conflict, or difficult situation.

* <span id='escalate'>escalate</span>: [_v_] increase rapidly.

* <span id='unseal'>unseal</span>: [_v_] remove or break the seal of.

* <span id='seal'>seal</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a device or substance that is used to join two things together so as to prevent them from coming apart or to prevent anything from passing between them.
    1. a piece of wax, lead, or other material with an individual design stamped into it, attached to a document to show that it has come from the person who claims to have issued it.
    1. a thing regarded as a confirmation or guarantee of something.
        > the International Monetary Fund is likely to give a seal of approval to the Mexican plan
    1. the obligation on a `priest (牧师)` not to `divulge (泄露)` anything said during confession.
    1. a member of an elite force within the US Navy specializing in guerrilla warfare and counterinsurgency.
  * [_v_]
    1. fasten or close securely.
    1. apply a nonporous coating to (a surface) to make it `impervious (not allowing fluid to pass through)`.
    1. fry (food) briefly in hot fat to prevent it from losing too much of its moisture during subsequent cooking.
    1. conclude, establish, or secure (something) definitively, excluding the possibility of `reversal (逆转)` or loss.
    1. fix a piece of wax or lead stamped with a design to (a document) to authenticate it.
    1. hunt for seals.

* <span id='subsidiary'>subsidiary</span>:
  * [_adj_] less important than but related or supplementary to.
  * [_n_] a company controlled by a holding company.

* <span id='sanction'>sanction</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a threatened penalty for disobeying a law or rule.
    1. official permission or approval for an action.
  * [_v_]
    1. give official permission or approval for (an action)
    1. impose a sanction or penalty on.

* <span id='sweeping'>sweeping</span>:
  * [_adj_] wide in range or effect.
  * [_n_] dirt or refuse collected by sweeping.
  * [_v_]
    1. clean (an area) by brushing away dirt or litter.
    1. move swiftly and smoothly.

* <span id='extradite'>extradite</span>: [_v_] hand over (a person accused or convicted of a crime) to the jurisdiction of the foreign state in which the crime was committed.

Artcile Source
---

1. <http://time.com/5589947/executive-order-huawei-products/> from **TIME**
