Everyday English
===

`2019/05/10`


Chelsea Manning Was Just Released From Jail. Here's What Happens Next
---

Chelsea Manning was released from federal [custody](#custody) Thursday after being held in a Virginia jail for 62 days for refusing to [testify](#testify) to a grand jury about WikiLeaks.

Manning was released after the grand jury's term expired; however, her [attorneys](attorney) said she has already been served with another [subpoena](#subpoena). The new subpoena demands that Manning appear before a different grand jury on May 16, when she could be returned to the custody of the Alexandria Detention Center.

"**Chelsea will continue to refuse to answer questions, and will use every available legal defense to prove to District Judge Trenga that she has just cause for her refusal to give [testimony](#testimony)**," her attorneys said.

Manning was jailed for [contempt](#contempt) of court on March 8, after she refused to testify before the grand jury that is currently investigating WikiLeaks. She said at the time that secret [proceedings](#proceedings) of this nature "tend to favor the government," adding, "I'm always willing to explain things publicly."

Manning's refusal to testify is a protest of grand juries, which she says have been used by the state to "[entrap](#entrap) and [persecute](#persecute) activists for protected political speech."

It remains unclear what [prosecutors](#prosecutor) want to ask Manning, but her legal team has asserted that she will not be convinced to testify.

Moira Meltzer-Cohen, Manning's attorney, filed a motion earlier this week on the basis that she would never cooperate with a grand jury.

"The only permissible purpose for [confinement](#confinement) under the civil contempt statute is to attempt to [coerce](#coerce) a witness to comply with the subpoena, or 'purge' their contempt," Meltzer-Cohen said. "If it is no longer possible to purge the contempt, either because the grand jury is no longer *in existence*, or because the witness is un-coercible, then confinement has been transformed from coercive into punitive, in [violation](#violation) of the law."

Manning faces no criminal charges and has not been accused of wrongdoing since her previous 35-year sentence was commuted by former President Barack Obama in January 2017.

Upon her arrival at the William G. Truesdale Adult Detention Center in March, Manning was held in [solitary](#solitary) confinement for nearly a month, which experts have said is a form of [torture](#torture).

After filing the motion earlier this week *on the grounds* that Manning will never cooperate with a grand jury, Meltzer-Cohen told reporters: "Chelsea has [tremendous](#tremendous) courage. Our **primary concern at this point** is her health while she is confined, and we will be paying close attention."

Words
---
* <span id='custody'>custody</span>: [_n_] the protective care or guardianship of someone or something.

* <span id='testify'>testify</span>: [_v_] give evidence as a witness in a law court.

* <span id='attorney'>attorney</span>:
  * [_n_]:
    1. a person appointed to act for another in business or legal matters. 法人
    1. a lawyer.

* <span id='subpoena'>subpoena</span>:
  * [_n_] a `writ (令状)` ordering a person to attent a court.
  * [_v_] `summon (召唤)` (someone) with a subpoena.

* <span id='testimony'>testimony</span>: [_n_] a formal written or spoken statement, especially one given in a court of law.

* <span id='contempt'>contempt</span>: [_n_] the feeling that a person or a thing is `beneath (副词，下面、底下)` consideration, worthless, or deserving `scorn (轻蔑)`.

* <span id='proceed'>proceed</span>: [_v_] begin or continue a course of action.

* <span id='proceedings'>proceedings</span>: an event or a series of activities involving a formal or set procedure.

* <span id='entrap'>entrap</span>: [_v_] catch (someone or something) in or as in a trap.

* <span id='prosecutor'>prosecutor</span>: [_n_] a person, especially a public official, who institutes legal *proceedings* against someone. 对某人提起诉讼的人，尤其是公职人员。

* <span id='confinement'>confinement</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the action of confining, or the state of being confined.
    1. the condition of being in childbirth.

* <span id='coerce'>coerce</span>: [_v_] `persuade (说服)` (an unwilling person) to do something by using force or threats.
    > they were coerced into silence.

* <span id='violation'>violation</span>: the action of violating someone or something.
  * `violate`: [_v_] break or fail to comply with (a rule or formal agreement).

* <span id='solitary'>solitary</span>:
  * [_adj_] done or existing alone.
  * [_n_] a recluse or hermit. 两个词都是`隐士`的意思。

* <span id='torture'>torture</span>:
  * [_n_] the action or practice of inflicting `severe (严重的)` pain on someone as a punishment or to force them to do or say something, or for the pleasure of the person inflicting the pain.
  * [_v_] inflict severe pain on.

* <span id='tremendous'>tremendous</span>: [_adj_] very great in amount, scale, or intensity.

Article Source
---
1. [Chelsea Manning Was Just Released From Jail. Here's What Happens Next Play Video](http://fortune.com/2019/05/10/chelsea-manning-released/) from **FORTUNE**.
