Everyday English
===
`02/05/2019`

Words
---
* `creepy`: [_adj_] causing an unpleasant feeling of fear or unease.
  > the creepy feelings one often gets in a strange house. **人们经常在一个陌生的房子里感到毛骨悚然。**

* `uncanny`: [_adj_] strange or mysterious, especially in an unsettling way.

* `savvy`:
  * [_n_] `shrewdness(精明)` and practical knowledge, especially in politics or business.
  * [_v_] know or understand.
  * [_adj_] shrewd and knowledgeable in the realities of life.

* `conspiracy`: a secret plan by a group to do something unlawful or harmful.

Sentences
---
* After having a face-to-face conversation with a friend or a partner in a private setting, you `pick up` your phone and see ads on social media that `echo the details of` your chat to an uncanny degree—ads for picnic baskets after a discussion of weekend barbecue plans, or a sale on flights to a place you just mentioned wanting to visit. 这句话是说当你和朋友聊天的时候，你再拿起手机，看到谈话相关的广告。

* This is not true—though if you’re still not convinced you can change the settings on your phone to `reduce the amount of data apps can collect`.

* No secret recording is involved, but his description still offers eye-opening perspective `on the amount of` data advertisers have at their disposal.

* I know for a fact, the data forensics show, and the Facebook VP of advertising says, promises, that they do not listen to the microphone.

* How is it they’re still able to know the conversation you had?

* And I don’t have to listen to your conversations because I’ve accumulated all the ...clicks and likes you’ve ever made, and it makes this voodoo doll act more and more like you. All I have to do is simulate what conversation the voodoo doll is having, and **I know the conversation you just had without having to listen to the microphone**.

* **They know you so well that they don't need to**.

Article Sources
---

1. [Your phone isn’t really spying on your conversations—the truth might be even creepier](https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/technology/your-phone-isnt-really-spying-on-your-conversations%E2%80%94the-truth-might-be-even-creepier/ar-AAAMhLj?ocid=BHEA000) from **MNS News**
