Everyday English
===

`2019/05/24`

It's Trump vs. Xi in the China trade war -- and it's personal
---

**Washington (CNN)** - Neither Donald Trump nor Xi Jinping can afford to blink.

A personal [duel](#duel) between two [rival](#rival) presidents could ensure that the [escalating](#escalate) trade war across the Pacific may last longer than anyone expected.

The showdown is now no longer just a [confrontation](#confrontation) between China and the US -- one a rising power challenging the long established dominance of the global economic leader. It's become a test of wills between two of the world's most powerful men, each of whom has political interests that are more likely to deepen the conflict than to quickly ease it.

Both view themselves as strongmen. Both have [imposed](#impose) their power on their domestic governing systems by force of will. Both have the authority to trigger global shock waves -- as they did when markets [plunged](#plunge) following Trump's tariff [hikes](#hike) last week and China's multi-billion dollar retaliation on Monday.

Both see the honor of their nation at stake *at a crucial moment* in the history of US-China relations, as the emerging competition between two great powers becomes [sharper](#sharp) than ever.

While Trump has said the two sides were *on the [verge](#verge) of* a deal last week before China backed out, the [gulf](#gulf) in intention between the two giant economies will complicate future talks.

Trump -- [lambasting](#lambaste) Chinese intellectual property theft and support for state industries -- believes he has to change the global trading system itself because it is a massive [ripoff](#ripoff) for the United States.

And Trump thinks the strength of the US economy gives him an [edge](#edge) and the ability to *pin the blame for (归咎于)* the impasse on Xi.

"We are now a much bigger economy than China, and have substantially increased in size since the great 2016 Election. We are the '*piggy bank*' that everyone wants to raid and take advantage of. NO MORE!" Trump said Tuesday in an early morning [volley](#volley) of tweets about the trade faceoff.

Xi sees US demands as an [infringement](#infringement) on Chinese [sovereignty](#sovereignty) and *has an [incentive](#incentive) to* keep globalization [intact](#intact) since China has *profited handsomely* from the status `quo (现状)` *in a stunning 20-year growth explosion*.

**The Chinese leader is no [keener](#keen) to *climb down* than Trump**.

"China feels it does not have to give in," Max Baucus, a former US ambassador to China told CNN's Kate Bolduan on Monday.

"***Add to that*, saving face is a big deal in China**. President Xi Jinping does not want to appear to have backed down. I don't think Americans understand that," the former Montana senator said.

While Trump said Monday he will talk to Xi at the G20 summit in Japan in late June -- which is now [looming](#loom) as a massively consequential meeting -- **the gaps may be too wide to bridge by then**.


### Trump's ideology

One reason why the dispute could go on for a while is because Trump seems to sincerely believe he is winning.

Convinced of the primacy of the healthy US economy, willing to *[shrug](#shrug) off* a day's losses on the stock market and [wielding](#wield) his favorite tariff tool, Trump is not at all [fazed](#faze).

"We're in a very good position, and I think it's only going to get better," Trump said Monday.

Trump is often ideologically [supple](#supple) and could *turn on a [dime](#dime) on the dispute*. But he's held *deep seated beliefs* about China's economic threat for decades and has long advocated a protectionist [remedy](#remedy). **This is one issue that he's shown that he really does believe in**. After all, he seems ready to *[gamble](#gamble) on* the health of the US economy -- his best political asset heading into his 2020 [reelection](#reelection) race.

The President's hawkish comments on Monday might have been *an attempt to* calm *tumbling markets*. But they also [entrenched](#entrench) a position from which **it will be hard to abandon without being embarrassed**.

For now at least, before damage to the economy and consumer budgets from the deepening trade war becomes obvious, Trump may believe he will [prosper](#prosper) politically from standing up to China.

And after accusing Beijing of "raping" US workers in his 2016 campaign, he will want to *make good on his promises* before 2020.

Trump is also using the China confrontation to emphasize his contrast with former Vice President Joe Biden, the apparent 2020 Democratic front-runner.

Biden complained Monday that Trump was approaching the trade spat all wrong by showing "a lot of [bravado](#bravado), no action."

The President however has already charged that Biden is too weak to take on Xi -- and clearly enjoys the contrast.

"China is DREAMING that Sleepy Joe Biden, or any of the others, gets elected in 2020. They LOVE *ripping off* America!" Trump tweeted over the weekend.


# Trump's big gamble

Trump's foreign policy bets are often motivated by a desire to shore up his domestic standing. And CNN recently reported that Trump is [desperate](#desperate) to deliver on his self-image as a master deal maker, another reason it will be tough for him to [fold](#fold).

The big political risk for the President is that a prolonged trade war of attrition begins to [erode](#erode) US growth, devalues 401Ks in a market correction and [tarnishes](#tarnish) the economic feel good factor and undermines Trump's boasts of *a new era of [prosperity](#prosper)*.

**Voters could tire of paying an effective sales tax on goods like iPhones, toys and foodstuffs, despite Trump's assurance that China and not US consumers [foot](#foot) the bill for tariffs**.

US exporters will *take a hit* from China's tariffs and US manufacturing will also suffer.

Rick Helfenbein, CEO of the American Apparel and Footwear Association, said his industry was "beyond [freaked](#freak)."

"**(We are) sitting around feeling like we have just bought tickets for the second sailing of The Titanic, the only difference now is we know exactly where the icebergs are**," Helfenbein said on CNN.

The pain of farmers already suffering from Chinese [retaliatory](#retaliatory) tariffs -- especially those in the swing state Midwest -- could also deliver Trump a 2020 shock.

Punishing Beijing could also have other spillover effects. If China is slowed, other economies, including US export markets in Asia and Europe, could suffer and hurt US jobs and prosperity.

"If we get the full [throttle](#throttle) of all tariffs it does risk a [recession](#recession)," Diane Swonk, chief economist of Grant Thornton, told CNN's Brooke Baldwin on Monday.

Such a doom-laden [scenario](#scenario) is one reason why some analysts still bet Trump will close a deal after a period of [posturing](#posture).

He has, after all, frequently escalated a crisis, then stepped back -- while declaring incremental changes to an existing agreement as a massive victory for the United States.

The scenario eventually *eased the crisis* over the renegotiation of the North America Free Trade Agreement and offers a blueprint for a deal at the G20 should Trump's political calculation over the China trade war change.


### Xi's choice

The confrontation has already revealed a truth that reflects an important geopolitical evolution: Beijing is not afraid of the United States.

Trump spent the weekend warning China on Twitter that it would be "hurt very badly" if it didn't do a deal.

By Monday morning, he had his answer when Beijing announced plans to raise tariffs on $60 billion in US goods.

Like Trump, Xi is not immune to political pressures.

Although he is the most dominant Chinese leader in decades, he cannot completely ignore complicated internal Communist Party dynamics. Chinese leaders are always wary of any changes to social conditions -- that could be brought on by a slowing economy -- that could cause public [resentment](#resentment) and translate into political activity.

China is also sensitive to its own experience under colonialism and proud of its rise as a key regional power and global player. So there is no circumstance under which Xi could allow himself to be seen as bowing to [bullying](#bully) from any Western leader, let alone an American president as combative as Trump.

The importance of Chinese pride in the dispute was reflected in an article in the People's Daily, the Communist Party mouthpiece on Monday. The paper accused the US of misjudging China's "strength, capability and willpower" and of taking a "risky and [impetuous](#impetuous) decision."

Baucus said that Americans underestimated China's size, power and [leverage](#leverage). He also said that Beijing was playing a far longer game than Washington and, with the leadership's *iron grip* on [dissent](#dissent), could afford to absorb the painful side effects of a trade war.

"I think those who think the US (has) leverage do not really fully understand China. China thinks long term. China is an authoritarian government. Their party controls everything," he said.

Both Xi and Trump know the other has much to lose. The question now is the age-old diplomatic [conundrum](#conundrum): Can they forge an outcome that gives both the option to declare victory?


Words
---

* <span id='duel'>duel<span>:
  * [_n_] a contest with deadly weapons arranged between two people in order to settle a point of honor.
  * [_v_] fight a duel or duels.

* <span id='rival'>rival<span>:
  * [_n_] a person or thing competing with another for the same objective or for superiority in the same field of activity.
  * [_v_] compete for superiority with; be or seem to be equal or comparable to.

* <span id='escalate'>escalate<span>: [_v_] increase rapidly.

* <span id='confrontation'>confrontation<span>: [_n_] a `hostile (敌对的)` or argumentative meeting or situation between opposing parties.

* <span id='impose'>impose<span>:
  * [_v_]
    1. force (something unwelcome or unfamiliar) to be accepted or put in place.
    1. take advantage of someone by demanding their attention or commitment.
    1. arrange (pages of type) so that they will be in the correct order after printing and folding.

* <span id='plunge'>plunge<span>:
  * [_n_] an act of jumping or diving into water.
  * [_v_]
    1. jump or dive quickly and energetically.
    1. push or thrust quickly.

* <span id='hike'>hike<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a long walk, especially in the country or wilderness.
    1. a sharp increase, especially in price.
    1. a snap.
  * [_v_]
    1. walk for a long distance, especially across country or in the woods.
    1. pull or lift up (something, especially clothing).
    1. snap (a football).

* <span id='sharp'>sharp<span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. (of an object) having an edge or point that is able to cut or `pierce (刺穿)` something.
    1. `tapering (尖细)` to a point or edge.
    1. (of an action or change) sudden and marked.
    1. (of musical sound) above true or normal `pitch (音高)`.
  * [_adv_]
    1. piercely (used after an expression of time).
    1. in a sudden or abrupt way.
    1. above the true or normal pitch of musical sound.
  * [_n_]
    1. a musical note raised a semitone above natural pitch.
    1. a long, sharply pointed needle used for general `sewing (针线)`.
    1. a swindler or cheat. 骗子
  * [_v_]
    1. raise the pitch of (a note).
    1. cheat or swindle (someone), especially at cards.

* <span id='verge'>verge<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. an edge or border.
    1. a wand or rod carried before a bishop or dean as an emblem of office. 在主教或院长作为办公室徽章出现之前携带的魔杖或棒。
  * [_v_]
    1. approach (something) closely; be close or similar to (something).
    1. incline in a certain direction or toward a particular state.

* <span id='gulf'>gulf<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a deep `ravine, chasm, or abyss (峡谷、深渊)`.
    1. a large difference or division between two people or groups, or between viewpoints, concepts, or situations.

* <span id='lambaste'>lambaste<span>: [_v_] criticize (someone or something) harshly.

* <span id='ripoff'>ripoff<span>: [_n_] a `fraud or swindle (欺骗或诈骗)`, especially something that is grossly overpriced.

* <span id='edge'>edge<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the outside limit of an object, area, or surface; a place or part farthest away from the center of something.
    1. the sharpened side of the blade of a cutting implement or weapon.
  * [_v_]
    1. provide with a border or edge.
    1. move gradually, carefully, or furtively in a particular direction.
    1. give an intense or sharp quality to.
    1. ski with one's weight on the edges of one's skis.

* <span id='volley'>volley<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a number of bullets, arrows, or other projectiles discharged at one time.
    1. (in sports, especially tennis or soccer) a strike or kick of the ball made before it touches the ground.
  * [_v_] (in sports, especially tennis or soccer) strike or kick (the ball) before it touches the ground.

* <span id='infringement'>infringement<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the action of breaking the terms of a law, agreement, etc.; violation.
    1. the action of limiting or undermining something.

* <span id='sovereignty'>sovereignty<span>: [_n_] supreme power or authority.

* <span id='incentive'>incentive<span>: [_n_] a thing that motivates or encourages one to do something.

* <span id='intact'>intact<span>: [_adj_] not damaged or impaired in any way; complete.

* <span id='keen'>keen<span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. having or showing eagerness or enthusiasm.
    1. sharp or penetrating, in particular.
    1. excellent.
    1. (of prices) very low; competitive.
  * [_v_] `wail (哀号)` in `grief (哀思)` for a dead person; sing a keen.
  * [_n_] an Irish funeral song accompanied by wailing in `lamentation (诉苦)` for the dead.

* <span id='loom'>loom<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. an apparatus for making fabric by weaving yarn or thread. 织布机
    1. a `vague (模糊)` and often exaggerated first appearance of an object seen in darkness or fog, especially at sea.
  * [_v_] appear as `a shadowy form (阴暗的方式)`, especially one that is large or threatening.

* <span id='shrug'>shrug<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. an act or instance of shrugging one's shoulders.
    1. a woman's close-fitting cardigan or jacket, cut short at the front and back so that only the arms and shoulders are covered.
  * [_v_] raise (one's shoulders) slightly and momentarily to express doubt, ignorance, or indifference.

* <span id='wield'>wield<span>: [_v_] hold and use (a weapon or tool).

* <span id='faze'>faze<span>: [_v_] disturb or `disconcert (搅乱)` (someone).

* <span id='supple'>supple<span>:
  * [_adj_] bending and moving easily and gracefully; flexible.
  * [_v_] make more flexible.

* <span id='dime'>dime<span>: [_n_] a ten-cent coin. 在原文中使用`turn on a dime`表示转变思路。

* <span id='remedy'>remedy<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a medicine or treatment for a disease or injury.
    1. the margin within which coins as `minted (铸币)` may differ from the standard `fineness (成色)` and weight.
  * [_v_] set right (an undesirable situation).

* <span id='gamble'>gamble<span>:
  * [_n_] an act of gambling; an enterprise undertaken or attempted with a risk of loss and a chance of profit or success.
  * [_v_]
    1. play games of chance for money; bet.
    1. take risky action in the hope of a desired result.

* <span id='reelection'>reelection<span>: 蝉联

* <span id='entrench'>entrench<span>:
  * [_v_]
    1. establish (an attitude, habit, or belief) so **firmly** that change is very difficult or unlikely.
    1. encroach or trespass upon. 侵犯

* <span id='prosper'>prosper<span>: [_v_] succeed in material terms; be financially successful.

* <span id='bravado'>bravado<span>: [_n_] a bold manner or a show of boldness intended to impress or `intimidate (威吓)`.

* <span id='desperate'>desperate<span>: [_adj_] feeling, showing, or involving a hopeless sense that a situation is so bad as to be impossible to deal with.

* <span id='fold'>fold<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a form or shape produced by the gentle draping of a loose, full garment or piece of cloth.
    1. a line or crease produced in paper or cloth as the result of folding it.
    1. a pen or enclosure in a field where livestock, especially sheep, can be kept.
  * [_v_]
    1. bend (something flexible and relatively flat) over on itself so that one part of it covers another.
    1. cover or wrap something in (a soft or flexible material).
    1. (of an enterprise or organization) `cease (停止)` operating as a result of financial problems or a lack of support.
    1. shut (`livestock (牲畜)`) in a fold.

* <span id='erode'>erode<span>: [_v_] (of wind, water, or other natural agents) gradually wear away (soil, rock, or land).

* <span id='tarnish'>tarnish<span>:
  * [_n_] dullness of color; loss of brightness.
  * [_v_] lose or cause to lose `luster 光泽`, especially as a result of exposure to air or moisture.

* <span id='foot'>foot<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the lower extremity of the leg below the ankle, on which a person stands or walks.
    1. the lower or lowest part of something standing or perceived as standing vertically; the base or bottom.
    1. a unit of linear measure equal to 12 inches (30.48 cm).
  * [_v_]
    1. *pay (the bill) for something, especially when the bill is considered large or unreasonable.*
    1. cover a distance, especially a long one, on foot.

* <span id='freak'>freak<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a very unusual and unexpected event or situation.
    1. a person, animal, or plant with an unusual physical abnormality.
    1. a person who is obsessed with or unusually enthusiastic about a specified interest.
    1. a sudden arbitrary change of mind; a whim.
  * [_v_]
    1. behave or cause to behave in a wild and `irrational (不合理的)` way, typically because of the effects of extreme emotion, mental illness, or drugs.
    1. fleck or streak randomly. 随机的斑点或条纹
      > the white pink and the pansy freaked with jet.

* <span id='retaliatory'>retaliatory<span>: [_adj_] 报复性的

* <span id='throttle'>throttle<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a device controlling the flow of fuel or power to an engine.
    1. a `throat, gullet, or windpipe (喉咙、食道或气管)`.
  * [_v_]
    1. attack or kill (someone) by `choking (窒息)` or `strangling (绞杀)` them.
    1. control (an engine or vehicle) with a throttle.

* <span id='recession'>recession<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a period of temporary economic decline during which trade and industrial activity are reduced, generally identified by a fall in GDP in two successive quarters.
    1. the action of `receding (后退)`; *motion away* from an observer.

* <span id='scenario'>scenario<span>: [_n_] a written outline of a movie, novel, or stage work giving details of the plot and individual scenes.

* <span id='posture'>posture<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a position of a person's body when standing or sitting.
    1. a particular way of dealing with or considering something; an approach or attitude.
  * [_v_]
    1. behave in a way that is intended to impress or mislead others.
    1. place (someone) in a particular attitude or pose.

* <span id='resentment'>resentment<span>: [_n_] bitter `indignation (愤怒)` at having been treated unfairly.

* <span id='bully'>bully<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a person who uses strength or power to harm or `intimidate (威吓)` those who are weaker.
    1. corned beef. 咸牛肉
  * [_v_] use superior strength or influence to intimidate (someone), typically to force him or her to do what one wants.
  * [_adj_] very good; first-rate.

* <span id='impetuous'>impetuous<span>: [_adj_] acting or done quickly and without thought or care.

* <span id='leverage'>leverage<span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the `exertion (用力)` of force *by means of* a `lever (杠杆)` or an object used in the manner of a lever.
    1. the ratio of a company's loan capital (debt) to the value of its common stock (equity).
  * [_v_]
    1. use borrowed capital for (an investment), expecting the profits made to be greater than the interest payable.
    1. use (something) to maximum advantage.

* <span id='dissent'>dissent<span>: 异议
  * [_n_] the expression or holding of opinions at variance with those previously, commonly, or officially held.
  * [_v_] hold or express opinions that are at variance with those previously, commonly, or officially expressed.

* <span id='conundrum'>conundrum<span>: [_n_] a confusing and difficult problem or question.


Article Source
---

1. <https://edition.cnn.com/2019/05/14/politics/donald-trump-xi-jinping-china-trade-war/index.html> from **CNN**.
