Everyday English
===

`2019/05/26`
`2019/05/28`

Titanic
---

Titanic, in full Royal Mail Ship (RMS) Titanic, British *luxury passenger liner* that sank on April 14–15, 1912, during its [maiden](#maiden) [voyage](#voyage), en route to New York City from Southampton, England, killing about 1,500 (see Researcher’s Note: Titanic) passengers and ship personnel. One of the most famous tragedies in modern history, it inspired numerous stories, several films, and a musical and has been the *subject of* much scholarship and scientific [speculation](#speculation).


### Origins And Construction

In the early 1900s the transatlantic passenger trade was highly profitable and competitive, with ship lines [vying](#vie) to transport wealthy travelers and immigrants. Two of the chief lines were White Star and Cunard. By the summer of 1907, Cunard seemed [poised](#poise) to increase its share of the market with *the debut of* two new ships, the Lusitania and the Mauretania, which were scheduled to enter service later that year. The two passenger liners were [garnering](#garner) much attention for their expected speed; both would later set speed records crossing the Atlantic Ocean. Looking to answer his rival, White Star chairman J. Bruce Ismay reportedly met with William Pirrie, who controlled the Belfast shipbuilding firm Harland and Wolff, which constructed most of White Star’s vessels. The two men *[devised](#devise) a plan* to build a class of large liners that would be known for their comfort instead of their speed. It was eventually decided that three vessels would be constructed: the Olympic, the Titanic, and the Britannic.

On March 31, 1909, some three months after work began on the Olympic, the keel was [laid](#lay) for the Titanic. The two ships were built *side by side* in a specially constructed [gantry](#gantry) that could accommodate their [unprecedented](#precedent) size. The sister ships were largely designed by Thomas Andrews of Harland and Wolff. *In addition to* [ornate](#ornate) decorations, the Titanic featured an [immense](#immense) first-class dining saloon, four elevators, and a swimming pool. Its second-class accommodations were comparable to first-class features on other ships, and its third-class offerings, although [modest](#modest), were still *noted* for their relative comfort.

As to safety elements, the Titanic had 16 [compartments](#compartment) that included doors which could be closed from the bridge, so that water could be contained in the event the hull was [breached](#breach). Although they were presumed to be [watertight](#watertight), the [bulkheads](#bulkhead) were not capped at the top. The ship’s builders claimed that four of the compartments could be flooded without endangering the liner’s [buoyancy](#buoyancy). **The system led many to claim that the Titanic was unsinkable**.

Following completion of the hull and main superstructure, the Titanic was launched on May 31, 1911. It then began the fitting-out phase, as [machinery](#mechinery) was loaded into the ship and [interior](#interior) work began. After the Olympic’s maiden voyage in June 1911, slight changes were made to the Titanic’s design. In early April 1912 the Titanic underwent its sea trials, after which the ship was declared seaworthy.

As it prepared to [embark](#embark) on its maiden voyage, the Titanic was one of the largest and most [opulent](#opulent) ships in the world. It had *a gross registered tonnage* (i.e., carrying capacity) of 46,328 tons, and when fully [laden](#lade) the ship displaced (weighed) more than 52,000 tons. The Titanic was approximately 882.5 feet (269 metres) long and about 92.5 feet (28.2 metres) wide at its widest point.


### Maiden Voyage

On April 10, 1912, the Titanic *set sail* on its maiden voyage, traveling from Southampton, England, to New York City. Nicknamed the “Millionaire’s Special,” the ship was fittingly captained by Edward J. Smith, who was known as the “Millionaire’s Captain” because of his popularity with wealthy passengers. Indeed, onboard were a number of [prominent](#prominent) people, including American businessman Benjamin Guggenheim, British journalist William Thomas Stead, and Macy’s department store co-owner Isidor Straus and his wife, Ida. In addition, Ismay and Andrews were also traveling on the Titanic.

**The voyage nearly began with a collision, however, when [suction](#suction) from the Titanic caused the docked New York to swing into the giant liner’s path**. After an hour of [maneuverings](#maneuver) to prevent the accident, the Titanic was under way. On the evening of April 10 the ship stopped at Cherbourg, France. The city’s dock was too small to accommodate the Titanic, so passengers had to be [ferried](#ferry) to and from the ship in [tenders](#tender). Among those boarding were John Jacob Astor and his pregnant second wife, Madeleine, and Molly Brown. After some two hours the Titanic resumed its journey. On the morning of April 11 the liner made its last scheduled stop in Europe, at Queenstown (Cobh), Ireland. At approximately 1:30 PM the ship set sail for New York City. Onboard were some 2,200 people, approximately 1,300 of whom were passengers.


#### Final hours

*Throughout much of the voyage*, the wireless radio operators on the Titanic, Jack Phillips and Harold Bride, had been receiving iceberg warnings, most of which were passed along to the bridge. The two men worked for the Marconi Company, and much of their job was relaying passengers’ messages. On the evening of April 14 the Titanic began to approach an area known to have icebergs. Smith slightly altered the ship’s course to head farther south. However, he maintained the ship’s speed of some 22 knots. At approximately 9:40 PM the Mesaba sent a warning of an ice field. The message was never relayed to the Titanic’s bridge. At 10:55 PM the nearby Leyland liner Californian sent word that it had stopped after becoming surrounded by ice. Phillips, who was handling passenger messages, scolded the Californian for interrupting him.

Two lookouts, Frederick Fleet and Reginald Lee, were stationed *in the crow’s nest of* the Titanic. **Their task was made difficult by the fact that the ocean was unusually calm that night**: because there would be little water breaking at its base, an iceberg would be more difficult to spot. In addition, the crow’s nest’s binoculars were missing. At approximately 11:40 PM, about 400 nautical miles (740 km) south of Newfoundland, Canada, an iceberg was sighted, and the bridge was notified. First Officer William Murdoch ordered both the ship “hard-a-starboard”—a maneuver that under the order system then in place would turn the ship to port (left)—and the engines reversed. The Titanic began to turn, but it was too close to avoid a collision. The ship’s starboard side scraped along the iceberg. At least five of its supposedly watertight compartments toward the bow were [ruptured](#rupture). After assessing the damage, Andrews determined that, as the ship’s forward compartments filled with water, its bow would drop deeper into the ocean, causing water from the ruptured compartments to *spill over* into each succeeding compartment, **thereby sealing the ship’s fate**. The Titanic would founder. (By reversing the engines, Murdoch actually caused the Titanic to turn slower than if it had been moving at its original speed. Most experts believe the ship would have survived if it had hit the iceberg head-on.)

Smith ordered Phillips to begin sending [distress](#distress) signals, one of which reached the Carpathia at approximately 12:20 AM on April 15, and the Cunard ship immediately headed toward the [stricken](#stricken) liner. However, the Carpathia was some 58 nautical miles (107 km) away when it received the signal, and it would take more than three hours to reach the Titanic. Other ships also responded, including the Olympic, but all were too far away. A vessel was spotted nearby, but the Titanic was unable to contact it. The Californian was also *in the [vicinity](#vicinity)*, but its wireless had been turned off for the night.

As attempts were made to contact nearby vessels, the lifeboats began to be launched, with orders of women and children first. **Although the Titanic’s number of lifeboats exceeded that required by the British Board of Trade**, its 20 boats could carry only 1,178 people, *far short of* the total number of passengers. This problem was [exacerbated](#exacerbate) by lifeboats being launched well below capacity, because crewmen worried that the [davits](#davit) would not be able to support the weight of a fully loaded boat. (The Titanic had canceled its scheduled lifeboat drill earlier in the day, and the crew was unaware that the davits had been tested in Belfast.) Lifeboat number 7, which was the first to leave the Titanic, held only about 27 people, though it had space for 65. In the end, only 705 people would be rescued in lifeboats.

As passengers waited to enter lifeboats, they were entertained by the Titanic’s musicians, who initially played in the first-class lounge before eventually moving to the ship’s deck. **Sources differ on how long they performed, some reporting that it was until shortly before the ship sank**. Speculation also surrounded the last song they performed—likely either Autumn or Nearer My God to Thee. None of the musicians survived the sinking.

By 1:00 AM water was seen at the base (E deck) of the Grand Staircase. [Amid](#amid) the growing panic, several male passengers tried to board lifeboat number 14, causing Fifth Officer Harold Lowe to fire his gun three times. Around this time, Phillips’s distress calls reflected a growing desperation as one noted that the ship “cannot last much longer.”

As the Titanic’s bow continued to sink, the [stern](#stern) began to rise out of the water, placing incredible strain on the midsection. At about 2:00 AM the stern’s propellers were clearly visible above the water, and the only lifeboats that remained on the ship were three collapsible boats. Smith released the crew, saying that “it’s every man for himself.” (He was reportedly last seen in the bridge, and his body was never found.) At approximately 2:18 AM the lights on the Titanic went out. It then broke in two, with the bow going underwater. Reports later speculated that it took some six minutes for that section, likely traveling at approximately 30 miles (48 km) per hour, to reach the ocean bottom. The stern momentarily *settled back* in the water before rising again, eventually becoming vertical. It briefly remained in that position before beginning its final plunge. At 2:20 AM the ship foundered as the stern also disappeared beneath the Atlantic. Water pressure allegedly caused that section, which still had air inside, to implode as it sank.

Hundreds of passengers and crew went into the icy water. **Fearful of being swamped, those in the lifeboats delayed returning to pick up survivors**. By the time they rowed back, almost all the people in the water had died from exposure. In the end, more than 1,500 [perished](#perish). Aside from the crew, which had about 700 [fatalities](#fatality), third class suffered the greatest loss: of approximately 710, only some 174 survived. (Subsequent claims that passengers in [steerage](#steerage) were prevented from boarding boats, however, were largely dispelled. **Given Smith’s failure to sound a general alarm, some third-class passengers did not realize the direness of the situation until it was too late**. Many women also refused to leave their husbands and sons, while the difficulty of simply navigating the complex Titanic from the lower levels caused some to reach the top deck after most of the lifeboats had been launched.)


#### Rescue

The Carpathia arrived in the area at approximately 3:30 AM, more than an hour after the Titanic sank. Lifeboat number 2 was the first to reach the liner. Over the next several hours the Carpathia picked up all survivors. White Star chairman Ismay wrote a message to be sent to the White Star Line’s offices: “Deeply regret advise you Titanic sank this morning fifteenth after collision iceberg, resulting serious loss life; further particulars later.” At approximately 8:30 AM the Californian arrived, having heard the news some three hours earlier. Shortly before 9:00 AM the Carpathia headed for New York City, where it arrived to *massive crowds* on April 18.


### Aftermath And Investigation

Although the majority of dead were crew members and third-class passengers, many of the era’s wealthiest and most prominent families lost members, among them Isidor and Ida Straus and John Jacob Astor. ***In the popular mind*, the glamour associated with the ship, its maiden voyage, and its [notable](#notable) passengers magnified the tragedy of its sinking**. Legends arose almost immediately about the night’s events, those who had died, and those who survived. Heroes and heroines—such as American Molly Brown, who helped command a lifeboat, and Capt. Arthur Henry Rostron of the Carpathia—were identified and celebrated by the press. Others—notably Ismay, who had found space in a lifeboat and survived—were [vilified](#vilify). There was a strong desire to explain the tragedy, and inquiries into the sinking were held in the United States and Great Britain.


#### U.S. inquiry

The U.S. investigation, which lasted from April 19 to May 25, 1912, was led by Sen. William Alden Smith. In all, more than 80 people were interviewed. Notable witnesses included Second Officer Charles Lightoller, the most senior officer to survive. He defended the actions of his superiors, especially Captain Smith’s refusal to decrease the ship’s speed. Many passengers testified to the general confusion on the ship. **A general warning was never sounded, causing a number of passengers and even crew members to be unaware of the danger for some time**. In addition, because a scheduled lifeboat drill had never been held, the lowering of the boats was often [haphazard](#haphazard).

Perhaps the most-[scrutinized](#scrutinize) [testimony](#testimony) came from the crew of the Californian, who claimed their ship was some 20 nautical miles (37 km) from the Titanic. Crew members saw a ship but said it was too small to be the Titanic. They also stated that it was moving and that efforts to contact it by Morse lamp were unsuccessful. After sighting rockets in the distance, the crew informed Capt. Stanley Lord, who had retired for the night. Instead of ordering the ship’s wireless operator to turn on the radio, Lord instead told the men to continue to use the Morse lamp. By 2:00 AM the nearby ship had reportedly sailed away.

In the end, the U.S. investigation faulted the British Board of Trade, “to whose `laxity (松懈)` of regulation and [hasty](#hasty) inspection the world is largely indebted for this awful [fatality](#fatality).” **Other contributing causes were also noted, including the failure of Captain Smith to slow the Titanic after receiving ice warnings**. However, perhaps the strongest criticism was [levied](#levy) at Captain Lord and the Californian. The committee found that the ship was “nearer the Titanic than the 19 miles reported by her Captain, and that her officers and crew saw the distress signals of the Titanic and failed to respond to them *in accordance with* the [dictates](#dictate) of humanity, international usage, and the requirements of law.”


#### British inquiry

In May 1912 the British inquiry began. It was overseen by the British Board of Trade, the same agency that had been derided by U.S. investigators for the insufficient lifeboat requirements. The presiding judge was Sir John Charles Bigham, Lord Mersey. Little new evidence was discovered during the 28 days of testimony. The final report stated that “the loss of the said ship was due to collision with an iceberg, brought about by the excessive speed at which the ship was being navigated.” However, Mersey also stated that he was “not able to blame Captain Smith…he was doing only that which other skilled men would have done in the same position.” Captain Lord and the Californian, however, drew sharp rebuke. The British investigators claimed that the liner was some 5–10 nautical miles (9–19 km) from the Titanic and that “she might have saved many, if not all, of the lives that were lost.”

Both the U.S. and British investigations also proposed various safety recommendations, and in 1913 the first International Conference for Safety of Life at Sea was called in London. The conference drew up rules requiring that every ship have lifeboat space for each person embarked; that lifeboat drills be held for each voyage; and, because the Californian had not heard the distress signals of the Titanic, that ships maintain a 24-hour radio watch. The International Ice Patrol was established to warn ships of icebergs in the North Atlantic shipping lanes and to break up ice.


#### The Californian incident

The U.S. and British inquiries did little to end speculation and debate concerning the sinking of the Titanic. Particular focus centred on the Californian. Supporters of Lord, nicknamed “Lordites,” believed that the captain had been unfairly criticized. They held that a third ship—possibly the Samson, a Norwegian boat illegally hunting seals—was between the Leyland liner and the Titanic. That view eventually gained much support. Crew members of the Californian did not hear rockets being fired, though the sounds would have been audible if the ship had been within the distances claimed by U.S. and British investigators. In addition, people aboard the Titanic stated that a vessel was headed in their direction, which could not have been Californian, which was stopped at the time. While the true location of the Californian will likely never be `conclusively (确凿)` known, many experts believe it was actually some 20 miles (37 km) away and would not have reached the Titanic before it sank. However, Lord has continued to *draw criticism* for his failure to take more action in response to the distress signals.


### Discovery And Legacy

Within days of the Titanic’s sinking, talk began of finding the [wreck](#wreck). Given the limits of technology, however, serious attempts were not undertaken until the second half of the 20th century. In August 1985 Robert Ballard led an American-French [expedition](#expedition) from aboard the U.S. Navy research ship Knorr. The quest was partly a means for testing the Argo, a 16-foot (5-metre) [submersible](#submersible) sled equipped with a remote-controlled camera that could transmit live images to a monitor. The submersible was sent some 13,000 feet (4,000 metres) to the floor of the Atlantic Ocean, sending video back to the Knorr. On September 1, 1985, the first underwater images of the Titanic were recorded as its giant [boilers](#boiler) were discovered. Later video showed the ship lying upright in two pieces. While the bow was clearly recognizable, the stern section was severely damaged. Covering the wreckage were `rust-coloured (铁锈色)` `stalactite-like (钟乳石状)` [formations](#formation). Scientists later determined that the rusticles, as they were named, were created by iron-eating microorganisms, which are consuming the wreck.

The Titanic—located at about 41°43′57′′ N, 49°56′49′′ W (bow section), some 13 `nautical miles (海里)` (24 km) from the position given in its distress signals—was explored numerous times by manned and unmanned submersibles. The expeditions found *no sign of* the long [gash](#gash) previously thought to have been ripped in the ship’s hull by the iceberg. Scientists instead discovered that the collision’s impact had produced a series of thin gashes as well as [brittle](#brittle) [fracturing](#fracture) and separation of [seams](#seam) in the adjacent hull plates, thus allowing water to flood in and sink the ship. In subsequent years, `marine salvagers (海洋打捞者)` raised small artifacts from the wreckage as well as pieces of the ship itself, including a large section of the hull. Examination of these parts—as well as paperwork in the builder’s archives—led to speculation that low-quality steel or weak rivets may have contributed to the Titanic’s sinking.

Countless [renditions](#rendition), [interpretations](#interpretation), and analyses of the Titanic disaster transformed the ship into a cultural icon. In addition to being the subject of numerous books, the ship inspired various movies, notably A Night to Remember (1958) and James Cameron’s blockbuster Titanic (1997). In the late 20th and early 21st centuries, artifacts from the ship *formed the basis of* a highly successful exhibit that toured the world, and a profitable business was developed transporting tourists to the Titanic’s wreck. Several museums dedicated to the liner draw thousands of visitors each year; in 2012, the 100th anniversary of the ship’s sinking, Titanic Belfast opened on the site of Harland and Wolff’s former shipyard, and it became one of the city’s most popular tourist attractions. Although the wreck of the Titanic will eventually [deteriorate](#deteriorate), the famed liner seems unlikely to fade from the public imagination.

Words
---

* <span id='maiden'>maiden</span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. (of a woman, especially an older one) unmarried.
    1. being or involving the first attempt or act of its kind.
  * [_n_]
    1. a girl or young woman, especially an unmarried one.
    1. an over in which on runs are scored. （这里指一种运动项目）

* <span id='voyage'>voyage</span>:
  * [_n_] a long journey involving travel by sea or in space.
  * [_v_] go on a long journey, typically by sea or in space.

* <span id='speculation'>speculation</span>:
  * [_v_]
    1. the forming of a theory or conjecture without firm evidence.
    1. investment in stocks, property, or other ventures in the hope of gain but with the risk of loss.

* <span id='vie'>vie</span>:
  * [_v_] compete eagerly with someone in order to do ir achieve something.

* <span id='poise'>poise</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. graceful and elegant bearing in a person.
    1. balance; equilibrium.
  * [_v_] be or cause to be balanced or suspended.

* <span id='garner'>garner</span>:
  * [_n_] a storehouse; a granary.
  * [_v_] gather or collect (something, especially information or approval).

* <span id='devise'>devise</span>:
  * [_n_] a clause in a will leaving real `estate (房地产)` to someone.
  * [_v_]
    1. plan or invent (a complex procedure, system, or mechanism) by careful thought.
    1. leave (real estate) to someone by the terms of a will.

* <span id='lay'>lay</span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. not ordained into or belonging to the `clergy (牧师，这里指神职人员)`.
    1. not having professional qualifications or expert knowledge, especially in law or medicine.
  * [_n_]
    1. the general appearance of an area, including the direction of streams, hills, and similar features.
    1. an act of sexual intercourse.
    1. the laying of eggs or the period during which they are laid.
    1. a short lyric or narrative poem meant to be sung.
  * [_v_]
    1. put down, especially gently or carefully.
    1. put down and set in position for use.
    1. used with an abstract noun so that the phrase formed has the same meaning as the verb related to the noun used, e.g., “lay the blame on” means ‘to blame’.
    1. (of a female bird, `insect (昆虫)`, `reptile (爬虫)`, or `amphibian (两栖动物)`) produce (an egg) from inside the body.
    1. have sexual intercourse with.

* <span id='gantry'>gantry</span>:
  * [_n_] a bridgelike overhead structure with a platform supporting equipment such as a crane, railroad signals, lights, or cameras.

* <span id='precedent'>precedent</span>:
  * [_adj_] preceding in time, order, or importance.
  * [_n_] an earlier event or action that is regarded as an example ir guide to be considered in subsequent similar circumstances.

* <span id='ornate'>ornate</span>:
  * [_adj_] made in an intricate shape or decorated with complex patterns.

* <span id='immense'>immense</span>:
  * [_adj_] extermely large or great, especially in scale or degree.

* <span id='modest'>modest</span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. `unassuming (不张扬)` or moderate in the estimation of one's abilities or achievements.
    1. (of an amount, rate, or level of something) relatively moderate, limited, or small.
    1. (of a woman) dressing or behaving so as to avoid `impropriety (不正当)` or `indecency (流氓)`, especially to avoid attracting sexual attention.

* <span id='compartment'>compartment</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a separate section or part of something, in particular.
    1. `a grassy mound ` or other support depicted below a shield.
  * [_v_]
    1. divide (something) into separate parts or sections.

* <span id='breach'>breach</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. an act of breaking or failing to observe a law, agreeement, or code of conduct.
    1. a gap in a wall, barrier, or defense, especially one made by an attacking army.
  * [_v_]
    1. make a gap in and break through (a wall, barrier, or defense).
    1. (of a whale) rise and break through the surface of the water.

* <span id='watertight'>watertight</span>:
  * [_adj_] closely sealed, fastened, or fitted so that no water enters or passes through.

* <span id='bulkhead'>bulkhead</span>:
  * [_n_] a dividing wall or barrier between compartments in a ship, aircraft, or other vehicle.

* <span id='buoyancy'>buoyancy</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the ability or tendency to float in water or air or some other fluid.
    1. an optimistic and cheerful disposition.
    1. a high level of activity in an economy or stock market.

* <span id='mechinery'>mechinery</span>:
  * [_n_] machines collectively.

* <span id='interior'>interior</span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. situated within or inside; relating to the inside; inner.
    1. remote from the coast or frontier; inland.
    1. existing or taking place in the mind or soul; mental.
  * [_n_]
    1. the inner or indoor part of something, especially a building; the inside.
    1. the inland part of a country or region.

* <span id='enbark'>enbark</span>:
  * [_v_] go on board a ship, aircraft, or other vehicle.

* <span id='opulent'>opulent</span> :
  * [_adj_] `ostentatiously (夸张地)` rich and luxurious or `lavish (丰盛)`.

* <span id='lade'>lade</span>:
  * [_v_] load (a ship or other vessel).

* <span id='prominent'>prominent</span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. important; famous.
    1. projecting from something; `protuberant (突起)`.

* <span id='suction'>suction</span>:
  * [_n_] the production of a partial vacuum by the removal of air in order to force fluid into a vacant space or procure adhesion.
  * [_v_] remove (something) using suction.

* <span id='maneuver'>maneuver</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a movement or series of moves requiring skill and care.
    1. a large-scale military exercise of troops, warships, and other forces.
  * [_v_]
    1. move skillfully or carefully.
    1. carefully guide or `manipulate (操纵)` (someone or something) in order to achieve an end.

* <span id='ferry'>ferry</span>:
  * [_n_] a boat or ship for conveying passengers and goods, especially over a relatively short distance and as a regular service.
  * [_v_] convey in a ferry or other ship or boat, especially across a short stretch of water.

* <span id='tender'>tender</span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. showing gentleness and concern or sympathy.
    1. (of food) easy to cut or chew; not tough.
  * [_n_]
    1. an offer to carry out work, supply goods, or buy land, shares, or another asset at a stated fixed price.
    1. a person who looks after someone else or a machine or place.
    1. a boat used to ferry people and supplies to and from a ship.
    1. a railcar coupled to a steam locomotive to carry fuel and water.
  * [_v_] offer or present (something) formally.

* <span id='rupture'>rupture</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. an instance of breaking or bursting suddenly and completely.
    1. a breach of a harmonious relationship.
  * [_v_]
    1. (especially of a pipe, a vessel, or a bodily part such as an organ or membrane) break or burst suddenly.
    1. breach or disturb (a harmonious feeling or situation).

* <span id='distress'>distress</span>:
  * [_n_] extreme anxiety, sorrow, or pain.
  * [_v_]
    1. cause (someone) anxiety, sorrow, pain.
    1. give (furniture, leather, or clothing) `simulated (模拟)` marks of age and wear.

* <span id='stricken'>stricken</span>:
  * [_adj_] seriously affected by an undesirable condition or unpleasant feeling.

* <span id='vicinity'>vicinity</span>:
  * [_n_] the area near or surrounding a particular place.
      > the number of people living *in the immediate vicinity* was small.

* <span id='exacerbate'>exacerbate</span>:
  * [_v_] make (a problem, bad situation, or negative feeling) worse.

* <span id='davit'>davit</span>:
  * [_n_] a small `crane (起重机)` on board a ship, especially one of a pair for `suspending (由悬挂的意思)` or lowering a lifeboat.

* <span id='amid'>amid</span>:
  * [_prep_] surrounded by; in the middle of.
      > our dream home, set amid magnificent rolling countryside.

* <span id='stern'>stern</span>:
  * [_adj_] (of a person or their manner) serious and unrelenting, especially in the assertion of authority and exercise of discipline.
  * [_n_] the rearmost part of a ship or boat.

* <span id='perish'>perish</span>:
  * [_v_] suffer death, typically in a violent, sudden, or untimely way.

* <span id='fatality'>fatality</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. an occurrence of death by accident, in war, or from disease.
    1. helplessness in the face of fate.

* <span id='steerage'>steerage</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the part of a ship providing accommodations for passengers with the cheapest tickets.
    1. the action of `steering (驾驶)` a boat.

* <span id='notable'>notable</span>:
  * [_adj_] worthy of attention or notice; remarkable.
  * [_n_] a famous or important person.

* <span id='vilify'>vilify</span>:
  * [_v_] speak or write about in an `abusively (滥用)` `disparaging (蔑视)` manner.

* <span id='haphazard'>haphazard</span>:
  * [_adj_] lacking any obvious principle of organization. 偶然

* <span id='scrutinize'>scrutinize</span>:
  * [_v_] examine or inspect closely and thoroughly.

* <span id='testimony'>testimony</span>:
  * [_n_] a formal written or spoken statement, especially one given in a court of law.

* <span id='hasty'>hasty</span>:
  * [_adj_] done or acting with excessive speed or urgency; hurried.

* <span id='levy'>levy</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. an act of levying a tax, fee, or fine.
    1. an act of enlisting troops.
  * [_v_]
    1. impose (a tax, fee, or fine).
    1. enlist (someone) for military service.

* <span id='dictate'>dictate</span>:
  * [_n_] an order or principle that must be obeyed.
  * [_v_]
    1. lay down authoritatively; `prescribe (规定)`.
    1. say or read aloud (words to be typed, written down, or recorded on tape.

* <span id='wreck'>wreck</span>:
  * [_n_] the destruction of a ship at sea; a shipwreck.
  * [_v_] cause the destruction of (a ship) by sinking or breaking up.

* <span id='expedition'>expedition</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a journey or voyage undertaken by a group of people with a particular purpose, especially that of exploration, scientific research, or war.
    1. a short trip made for a particular purpose.
    1. `promptness (迅速)` or speed in doing something.

* <span id='submersible'>submersible</span>:
  * [_adj_] designed to be completely `submerged (cause to be under water)` or to operate while submerged.
  * [_n_] a submersible boat or other craft, especially one designed for research and exploration.

* <span id='boiler'>boiler</span>:
  * [_n_] a fuel-burning apparatus or container for heating water, in particular.

* <span id='formation'>formation</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the action of forming or process of being formed.
    1. a structure or arrangement of something.

* <span id='gash'>gash</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a long deep slash, cut, or wound.
    1. the vulva.
  * [_v_] make a gash in; cut deeply.

* <span id='brittle'>brittle</span>:
  * [_adj_] hard but liable to break or `shatter (打碎)` easily.
  * [_n_] a candy made from nuts and set melted sugar.

* <span id='fracture'>fracture</span>:
  * [_n_] the cracking or breaking of a hard object or material.
  * [_v_] break or cause to break.

* <span id='seam'>seam</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a line along which two pieces of fabric are `sewn (缝)` together in a garment or other article.
    1. an underground layer, as of one or coal.
  * [_v_]
    1. join with a seam.
    1. make a long narrow `indentation (缩进)` in.

* <span id='rendition'>rendition</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a performance or interpretation, especially of a `dramatic (戏剧性的)` role or piece of music.
    1. the practice of sending a foreign criminal or terrorist suspect `covertly (隐蔽地)` to be `interrogated (审问)` in a country with less `rigorous (严格)` regulations for the humane treatment of prisoners.

* <span id='interpretation'>interpretation</span>:
  * [_n_] the action of explaining the meaning of something.

* <span id='deteriorate'>deteriorate</span>:
  * [_v_] become progressively worse.


Article Source
---

1. <https://www.britannica.com/topic/Titanic>
