Everyday English
===

`2019/05/12`

Notre Dame, the world's church
---

I've lived in Paris *on and off for the past 20 years*, and I don't want to see images of Notre Dame in ruins anymore – no more [charred](#char) [beams](#beam) and broken glass – because I remember it from a story I did a while back. 

It had **withstood a war, a revolution and neglect** as well as the impact of 30,000-40,000 tourists every day, **a handful of whom would climb the nearly 400 stairs to the towers**. It's spectacular.  

**But Notre Dame is so much more than stone**. This is, above all, a living church with a staff and volunteers. There are [organists](#organist), [florists](#florist), [sacristans](#sacristan), the [choir](#choir), and a devoted [congregation](#congregation) who give it meaning.

Michael Perry, a [priest](#priest) from Brooklyn who used to volunteer at the Cathedral every summer, said, "We have no idea how many people 'get it.' Something happens when they come into the church, and they realize it. They walk in as tourists, they walk out as [pilgrims](#pilgrim)."

Looking up at the soaring arches and the ceiling 115 feet above is humbling. And yet, it isn't even the highest cathedral in the world, though it was one of the most important, because before Notre Dame, churches were squat and nearly windowless.

Before Notre Dame, it was impossible to build anything that high; stone walls alone could not have supported the weight of that roof. The solution is towers, called flying [buttresses](#buttress), disbursing the weight. It not only allowed walls to go higher, but to open the walls for the great windows. That would forever change the way churches could be built, and it [ushered](#usher) in the `gothic style (哥特风格)`.

And yet, despite all that, by the nineteenth century Notre Dame had `fallen into disrepair (失修)`. Incredibly, there was a movement to *tear it down*, until an architect named Eugène-Emmanuel Viollet-le-Duc stepped in to save it. He enlisted the help of a writer friend named Victor Hugo.

And this is where the character of Quasimodo enters the story. Most people know the tortured [hunchback](#hunchback) as merely the bell ringer, but his story was [pivotal](#pivotal), because of Hugo's novel, "The Hunchback of Notre Dame." The [narrative](#narrative) pauses at the 14th chapter to describe the cathedral's beauty. "And those ten pages saved this church," said Perry. 

Thank God they did. 

The church has long been one of France's proudest achievements, though Father Michael Perry keeps it all in perspective: "I had an experience a long time ago when this woman showed up at the front door of the church with her cousin Camille, and Camille says, 'Come on, let's go in.' And the cousin says, 'Ah, you've seen one, you've seen 'em all!'"

Well, Camille's cousin, the world disagrees! 

A billion dollars in donations for its restoration have already poured in. It is the world's church.

Words
---

* <span id='char'>char</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. material that has been charred. 被烧焦的材料
    1. a `charwoman (女顾问)`.
    1. tea.
    1. a troutlike freshwater or marine fish of northern countries, widely valued as a food and game fish.
  * [_v_]
    1. partially burn (an object) so as to blacken its surface.
    1. work as a charwoman.

* <span id='beam'>beam</span>
  * [_n_]
    1. a ray or shaft of light.
    1. a radiant or good-natured look or smile.
  * [_v_]
    1. transmit (a radio signal or broadcast) in a specified direction.
    1. (of a light or light source) shine brightly.
    1. smile radiantly.
    1. construct a ceiling with exposed beams.

* <span id='organist'>organist</span>: [_n_] a person who plays the organ.

* <span id='florist'>florist</span>: [_n_] a person who sells and arranges plants and cut flowers.

* <span id='sacristan'>sacristan</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a person in charge of a sacristy and its contents.
    1. the sexton of a parish church.

* <span id='choir'>choir</span>: [_n_] an organized group of singers, typically one that takes part in church services or performs regularly in public.

* <span id='congregation'>congregation</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a group of people assembled for religious worship.
    1. a gathering or collection of people, animals, or things.
    1. (in the Roman Catholic Church) a permanent committee of the College of Cardinals.
    1. a group of people obeying a common religious rule but under less solemn vows than members of the older religious orders.

* <span id='priest'>priest</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. an ordained minister of the Catholic, Orthodox, or Anglican Church having the authority to perform certain rites and administer certain sacraments.
    1. a mallet used to kill fish caught when angling.
  * [_v_] ordain to the priesthood.

* <span id='pilgrim'>pilgrim</span>
  * [_n_] a person who journeys to a sacred place for religious reasons.
  * [_v_] travel or wander like a pilgrim.

* <span id='buttress'>buttress</span>
  * [_n_]
    1. a projecting support of stone or brick built against a wall.
    1. a source of defense or support.
  * [_v_]
    1. provide (a building or structure) with projecting supports built against its walls.
    1. increase the strength of or justification for; reinforce.

* <span id='usher'>usher</span>
  * [_n_]
    1. a person who shows people to their seats, especially in a theater or at a wedding.
    1. an assistant teacher.
  * [_v_]
    1. show or guide (someone) somewhere.
    1. cause or mark the start of something new.

* <span id='hunchback'>hunchback</span>: [_n_] a back deformed by a sharp forward angle, forming a hump, typically caused by collapse of a vertebra.

* <span id='pivotal'>pivotal</span>: [_adj_] of crucial importance in relation to the development or success of something else.

* <span id='narrative'>narrative</span>
  * [_adj_] in the form of or concerned with narration.
  * [_n_] a spoken or written account of connected events; a story.


Article Source
---
1. <https://www.cbsnews.com/news/notre-dame-cathedral-the-worlds-church/>
