Everyday English
===

`2019/05/02`

Pied Piper
---

### For Fiona
Hello, readers. This post is [dedicated](#dedicate) to someone very special to me. Someone who **[enchanted](#enchanted) my evening**, stole my heart, and then was dismembered right in front of me. It began like any other night: after another long day of Gilfoyle Photoshopping my head onto Betty Spaghetty dolls, my eyelids were heavy, and I had begun my nighttime `routine of` [soothing](#soothe) tea and even more [soothing](#soothe) Bonnie Raitt. But my mind kept drifting to Fiona sitting in the garage. **Having been that [uninsulated](#insulate) cavern's previous [occupant](#occupant), I knew how alone one could feel there**.

I went to the garage to check in on Fiona, where our conversation began casually enough. I asked her if she was warm and if the `rodents (龋齿动物)` were [nibbling](#nibble) at her wires. *She assured me that she doesn't feel temperature, but thanked me for my concern*. [Intrigued](#intrigue) by the sensitivity of her reply, I pulled up a chair and we continued to chat. **As the tides of conversation washed over art, literature, space and time, I found it all too easy to forget that she was merely a piece of hardware**.

I blinked and suddenly it was morning. Richard arrived to escort Fiona back to Laurie. We shared one final car ride together, playing the license plate game, laughing at South Dakota's license plate slogan, "Great Faces, Great Places". It's ironic that minutes later, Fiona's own face would be ripped off and thrown into a wastebasket.

In the end, Richard may have been right: **suppressing my emotions was unhealthy, and led me to put all my eggs in one doomed robot basket**. Hendricks is a powerful substance, and like all stimulants, must be [weaned](#wean) off slowly! Goodbye for now, Pipers.

### Fort Piper Stands!
Hello, readers! I apologize for not posting for a couple of months — we had quite a [grim](#grim) [stretch](#stretch) here at Fort Piper. **Our user growth had stalled and [morale](#morale) was low**. But just as we were about to give up hope, Dinesh discovered an `uptick (a small increase)` in new users! T**hings seemed to be trending up, but then as most inexplicably good things turn out to be, it was an attack**. Laurie Bream and a Chinese businessman named Yao were scaling our walls, manufacturing our devices in order to take over fifty-one percent of the Pipernet. Our independence was in [peril](#peril), and this battle was our American Revolution. **I'm no David McCullough, but I'll do my best to [narrate](#narrate)**.

*Gilfoyle did his best to pour the hot oil of a network patch on the tyrants, while Holden rallied the troops with the snare drum of his [unbridled](#unbridle) Piper spirit*. Still, it became clear to our commanding officer General Hendricks that we needed back up – so Richard struck a deal with a [cutthroat](#cutthroat), Gavin Belson.

After seemingly eliminating the Laurie and Yao threat in the name of innovation and revenge, `Gavin sank his blood-soaked fangs into Richard's soft pale throat (这句话说Gavin将血淋淋的毒牙深深的插咬进Richard柔软苍白的喉咙中)`. But what Gavin didn't know was that Dinesh and I were working on reinforcing the [ramparts](#rampart) of Fort Piper with Colin and his `arsenal (兵工厂)` of instant downloads. Colin's users came charging across the battlefield and, just in time, beat back Gavin! Huzzah! Fort Piper stands!

Now that the battle is over and the ugliness of the 51% attack is behind us, we look to the future. The Piper Gang has proven its [resilience](#resilience), and *earned a place at* the Valley's table. The first stop may have to be new offices at the top of the hill.

*As for me, this adrenaline isn't going to go away on its own*. I have some verbena candles to light!

Words
---
* <span id='dedicate'>dedicate</span>: [_n_] deveote (time, effect, or oneself) to a particular task or purpose.

* <span id='enchant'>enchant</span>: [_v_] fill (someone) with great `delight (乐趣)`; `charm (魅力)`.

* <span id='soothe'>soothe</span>:
  * [_adj_] having a gentily calming effect.
  * [_v_] gently calm (a person or their feelings).

* <span id='occupant'>occupant</span>: [_n_] a person who resides or is present in a house, vehicle, seat, place, etc., at a given time.

* <span id='insulate'>insulate</span>: [_v_]
  * protect (something) by `interposing (插入)` material that prevents the loss of heat or the `intrusion (干扰)` of sound.
  * make (land) into an island.

* <span id='nibble'>nibble</span>: [_v_]
  * take small bites out of.
  * show cautious interest in a project or proposal.

* <span id='intrigue'>intrigue</span>: [_v_]
  * arouse the curiosity or interest of; fascinate. 出于好奇的
  * make secret plans to do something `illicit (非法的)` or `detrimental (有害)` to someone.

* <span id='wean'>wean</span>:
  * [_v_]: accustom (an infant or other young mammal) to food other than its mother's milk.
  * [_n_]: a young child.

* <span id='grim'>grim</span>: [_adj_] forbidding or uninviting.
  > Goggle 中文给出`严峻、冷酷`的意思

* <span id='stretch'>stretch</span>
  * [_n_]:
    1. an act of stretching one's limbs or body.
    1. a continuous area or expanse of land or water.

  * [_v_]: (of something soft or `elastic (有弹性)`) be made or be capable of being made longer or wider without tearing or breaking.

* <span id='morale'>morale</span>: [_n_] the confidence, enthusiasm, and discipline of a person or group at a particular time.

* <span id='peril'>peril</span>:
  * [_n_] serious and immediate danger.
  * [_v_] expose to danger; threaten.

* <span id='narrate'>narrate</span>: [_v_] give a spoken or written account of.

* <span id='unbridle'>unbridle</span>: [_v_] remove the bridle from (a horse or mule).

* <span id='bridle'>bridle</span>:
  * [_n_] the headgear used to control a horse, consisting of buckled straps to which a bit and reins are attached.
  * [_v_]
    1. put a bridle on (a horse).
    1. show one's resentment or anger, especially by throwing up the head and drawing in the chin.

* <span id='cutthroat'>cutthroat</span>:
  * [_adj_]: (of a competitive situation or activity) fierce and intense; involving the use of ruthless measures.
  * [_n_]:
    1. a murderer or other violent criminal.
    1. a `trout (鳟鱼)` of western North America, with red or orange markings under the jaw.

* <span id='rampart'>rampart</span>：
  * [_n_] a defensive wall of a castle or walled city, having a broad top with a walkway and typically a stone parapet.
  * [_v_] fortify or surround with or as if with a rampart.

* <span id='resilience'>resilience</span>: [_n_]
  * the ability of a substance or object to spring back into shape; elasticity.
  * the capacity to recover quickly from difficulties; toughness.

Article Source
---

* [Pied Piper Website](http://www.piedpiper.com/blog/) from `HBO`.