Everyday English
===

`2019/05/30`

32 Books You Need to Read This Summer
---

Summer reading might be [synonymous](#synonymous) with relaxing on a beach somewhere, but that doesn’t mean the most [anticipated](#anticipate) books of the season are *limited to certain [genres](#genres)*. **Alongside the best of this summer’s page-turning thrillers and uplifting romances are books that push readers to consider some of life’s biggest questions**: What makes a family? What makes a home? And what do we mean to the world around us? From the likes of celebrated storytellers Colson Whitehead, Elizabeth Gilbert and Téa Obreht to debut authors Kristen Arnett and Jia Tolentino, these new books are sure to keep you busy all season long. Here, 32 books to read this summer.


### Mostly Dead Things, Kristen Arnett (June 4)

After Jessa-Lynn Morton’s father commits suicide, she is forced to pick up the pieces of both her fragile, fractured family and the taxidermy shop her father left behind. Kristen Arnett’s debut novel, set in a swampy Florida town, explores Jessa’s unusual journey to understanding grief, love and memory as she watches her mother and brother spiral out of control.


### Patsy, Nicole Dennis-Benn (June 4)

Patsy has long [yearned](#yearn) to voyage to America and abandon her life in her small hometown of Pennyfield, Jamaica. When she finally *acts on her dream*, she leaves her five-year-old daughter Tru behind. As Patsy follows her heart in New York, where her friend and love Cicely lives, Tru faces a future without her mother, and one in which she, too, must discover how to be herself in the world. Dennis-Bean [weaves](#weave) the narratives of mother and daughter together in a moving tale of separation, growth and womanhood.


### Naturally Tan: A Memoir, Tan France (June 4)

Although he’s best known for *[doling](#dole) out* fashion advice on Netflix’s Queer Eye, **Tan France has wise words to offer across all areas of life**. In his memoir, France [unveils](#unveil) his complicated personal history, from the `racism (种族主义)` he experienced as a Pakistani child in the U.K. to what it was like coming out to his Muslim family at 34 years old. France gives readers a [candid](#candid) and [intimate](#intimate) look at his past and shares all that he’s learned about being a [spouse](#spouse), television personality and role model.


### Running to the Edge: A Band of Misfits and the Guru Who Unlocked the Secrets of Speed, Matthew Futterman (June 4)

In the early 1970s, American running coach Bob Larsen became [renowned](#renowned) for his success with the track team at UCLA, then went on to help coach several Olympic medalists to victory. In this [chronicle](#chronicle) of Larsen’s life and determination to pioneer new training methods, journalist Matthew Futterman looks at Larsen’s steps *on the long road to sporting success*, featuring stories of his own relationship with running along the way.


### City of Girls, Elizabeth Gilbert (June 4)

Elizabeth Gilbert, the author of Eat, Pray, Love, sets her latest novel in 1940s New York City, where 19-year-old Vivian Morris is moving in with her aunt. Surrounded by showgirls, costumes and a newfound sense of freedom discovered in the world of her aunt’s [eccentric](#eccentric) theater company, Vivian begins [embracing](#embrace) her desires. But when a [scandal](#scandal) puts the theater’s latest production at risk, Vivian finds herself [unraveling](#unrave) the meaning of what happened for years to follow.


### Searching for Sylvie Lee, Jean Kwok (June 4)

In Jean Kwok’s latest novel, a Chinese immigrant family comes to terms with its darkest secrets after the eldest daughter, Sylvie, goes missing. Her younger, more fearful sister Amy attempts to find her, traveling to the Netherlands, where Sylvie was last seen. But Amy quickly finds more questions surrounding Sylvie’s disappearance than she does answers. Searching for Sylvie Lee examines the complexities of identity, culture and family as Amy struggles to understand what happened to her sister.


### This Land Is Our Land: An Immigrant’s Manifesto, Suketu Mehta (June 4)

New York University professor and scriptwriter Suketu Mehta draws on his [formative](#formative) years as an Indian-born teenager growing up in New York City, providing a [withering](#wither) [rebuke](#rebuke) to the anti-immigration [rhetoric](#rhetoric) that has arisen in global politics in recent years. *In a [compelling](#compel) companion to his 2004 prize-winning work* Maximum City, Mehta dismantles the narratives of populist [ideologues](#ideologue) in a [fierce](#fierce) defense of global immigration.


### The Plaza: The Secret Life of America’s Most Famous Hotel, Julie Satow (June 4)

Real estate reporter Julie Satow provides a juicy history of one of New York City’s most [notorious](#notorious) buildings in The Plaza. From the hotel’s first guest in 1907 to the behind-the-scenes operas performed by its various owners — including Donald Trump — Satow offers readers a comprehensive account of the wealth, glamour and scandals that have shaped the storied hotel.


### On Earth We’re Briefly Gorgeous, Ocean Vuong (June 4)

Poet Ocean Vuong’s debut novel *[delves](#delve) into the mind of a young*, gay writer coming to terms with his [traumatic](#traumatic) past. Structured *in the form of* a letter from the narrator to his illiterate mother, On Earth We’re Briefly Gorgeous reveals a son’s [dissection](#dissection) of his ancestral suffering, which is intrinsically *tied to* the Vietnam War. Vuong reveals the strength that comes from sharing one’s story in this novel about immigration, survival and the intensity of love.


### In West Mills, De’Shawn Charles Winslow (June 4)

Azalea “Knot” Centre is a newcomer to the African-American community of West Mills, N.C., who doesn’t [adhere](#adhere) to the small town’s status quo. She finds a [kindred](#kindred) spirit in her neighbor, Otis Lee, who is eager to repair the cracks in Knot’s life. Through storytelling that spans four decades in rural North Carolina, Winslow demonstrates that in the human *endeavor to* fix the lives of others, we sometimes fall victim to overlooking flaws of our own.


### Siege: Trump Under Fire, Michael Wolff (June 4)

When journalist Michael Wolff’s explosive book Fire and Fury was released in January 2018, the [controversial](#controversial) account [purporting](#purport) to be *`the inside scoop` (内幕消息)* on the Trump Administration (it was challenged by White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders and others) became the fastest-selling [nonfiction](#nonfiction) book in its publisher’s history within its first week. Siege, Wolff’s second work on Trump, once again promises to transport the reader into the [turbulent](#turbulent) White House.


### Recursion, Blake Crouch (June 11)

In Blake Crouch’s latest sci-fi thriller, the follow up to 2016’s Dark Matter, a mysterious disease causes people to experience false memories, leading to [catastrophic](#catastrophic) consequences. A police officer and female neuroscientist team up to investigate and, hopefully, stop the phenomenon from wrecking society. Recursion, which is being developed as both a feature film and a television series by Shonda Rhimes and Matt Reeves for Netflix, asks how **altering our past impacts the present and future**.


### Time After Time, Lisa Grunwald (June 11)

It’s December 1937 when Joe, a railway worker from Queens, meets Nora, who is dressed like a [flapper](#flapper) from the 1920s. The mysterious woman accepts Joe’s offer to walk her home but vanishes as the pair approaches her wealthy neighborhood — only to re-emerge on the same day the following December. Lisa Grunwald’s supernatural novel Time After Time charts Joe and Nora’s time-defying romance as it unfolds under the arches of New York’s Grand Central Terminal.


### The Porpoise, Mark Haddon (June 18)

From the author of the bestseller-turned-Broadway-hit The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time comes another tale of [intrigue](#intrigue). Haddon’s first novel in seven years takes inspiration from Shakespeare’s Pericles, in which a daughter is rescued from an `abusive (虐待)` and [incestuous](#incestuous) relationship with her father by a young hero. Traveling through time and across the world, Haddon’s tale transports readers between myth and reality, balancing human savagery with human kindness.


### A Death in the Rainforest: How a Language and a Way of Life Came to an End in Papua New Guinea, Don Kulick (June 18)

What does it take to study a culture? Anthropologist Don Kulick visited the small village of Gapun in New Guinea on and off for 30 years to study its dying language, Tayap. **Blending academic discourse, linguistics and his personal stories about life in the remote community, A Death in the Rainforest illuminates the ways a society can change over time and become swallowed by forces of the outside world**.


### A Philosophy of Ruin, Nicholas Mancusi (June 18)

When [disenchanted](#disenchant) philosophy professor Oscar Boatright receives some terrible family news, he feels his life start to *spiral out of control (失去控制)*. A one-night stand with Dawn, whom he later discovers is his student and an emerging drug dealer, accelerates a [whirlwind](#whirlwind) of chaos that comes to threaten both of their futures. Mancusi’s debut novel displays dark humour and *intellectual depth*.


### Big Sky: A Jackson Brodie Novel, Kate Atkinson (June 25)

It has been nine years since Kate Atkinson last [regaled](#regale) readers with the tales of soldier-turned-police-constable Jackson Brodie in Started Early, Took the Dog. The bestselling British writer returns to Brodie’s world for a fifth time in Big Sky, which finds the hero [ensconced](#ensconce) in a [quaint](#quaint) northern English seaside town, making a living as a private investigator. **As is often the case in Atkinson’s genre-defying fiction, assignments to track lost cats and unfaithful husbands are never quite what they seem**.


### The Gone Dead, Chanelle Benz (June 25)

Chanelle Benz’ debut novel handles the arresting themes of racial injustice and memory, following [protagonist](#protagonist) Billie James as she returns to the childhood roots she left behind in the Mississippi Delta. Since her father’s unexpected death when she was four years old, Billie hasn’t been home, and [rumors](#rumor) about her own circumstances have been [swirling](#swirl) throughout the town. While examining her only inheritance — the shack that her father resided in — Billie discovers there may have been more to the story of his death than she first thought, setting her on a path to discover the truth of what happened that fateful night 30 years before.


### Talking to Robots: Tales from Our Human-Robot Futures, David Ewing Duncan (July 16)

Artificial intelligence is no longer a far-off fantasy; it’s embedded *in our present*. But it’s the future that award-winning journalist David Ewing Duncan explores in this [riveting](#rivet) read consisting of 24 visions of possible human-robot futures. Potential realities include [warrior](#warrior) bots, politician bots and teddy bots, to name a few. Duncan enlists the help of inventors, geneticists and filmmakers to unpack what these evolutions might mean — both for technology and for the future of humankind.


### The Wedding Party, Jasmine Guillory (July 16)

*Hot on the heels of (紧跟着)* The Proposal and The Wedding Date, bestselling author Jasmine Guillory returns with another [conjugal](#conjugal) affair. The Wedding Party sees Maddie and Theo jointly tasked with the [bridal](#bridal) party duties for their best friend Alexa’s wedding. The problem is, Maddie and Theo hate each other — or at least, that’s what they keep telling themselves as they attempt to *stave off (避开)* the [irresistible](#irresistible) attraction drawing them together.


### The Nickel Boys, Colson Whitehead (July 16)

Pulitzer Prize winner Colson Whitehead, author of The Underground Railroad, again [reckons](#reckon) with our country’s [devastating](#devastate) racist past in his latest novel, this time against the backdrop of a reform school in 1960s Florida. Elwood Curtis, a black teenager who loves reading `encyclopedias (百科全书)` and reciting the speeches of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., finds himself at the Nickel Academy, where he quickly *learns his place in* the Jim Crow South and the world at large. Inspired by a real school in Florida, The Nickel Boys is a [haunting](#haunt) narrative that reinforces Whitehead’s [prowess](#prowess) as a leading voice in American literature.


### Speaking of Summer, Kalisha Buckhanon (July 30)

When Autumn Spencer’s twin sister Summer disappears on a winter’s evening in Harlem, **Autumn sees no other choice but to take matters into her own hands**. [Frustrated](#frustrate) by the indifference of authorities to another missing black woman, Autumn `doggedly (顽强地)` tries to *get to the bottom of what happened*, and becomes [embroiled](#embroil) in other cases in the process. In her fourth novel, writer Kalisha Buckhanon `sheds light on (揭示)` often-overlooked stories of victims and their families.


### Chances Are…, Richard Russo (July 30)

Three college friends, now in their 60s, [convene](#convene) in sunny Martha’s Vineyard, Mass., to reunite and [reminisce](#reminisce) about their youth. **But what initially seems to be a happy occasion is tempered by an [ominous](#ominous) cloud**, as a 40-year old mystery tests *the bonds of friendship* between the three men. Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist Richard Russo balances [suspense](#suspense) with comedy in this *gripping tale*, his first stand-alone novel in a decade.


### A Particular Kind of Black Man, Tope Folarin (August 6)

In A Particular Kind of Black Man, debut novelist Tope Falerin introduces readers to Tunde Akinola and his Nigeria-born parents in small-town Utah as they navigate an uncomfortable `assimilation (同化)` to American life. Falerin wrote in the announcement for the book that he had produced a work that captures his own feelings about identity: “How [slippery](#slippery) it can be; how it defines us and, at times, confines us as well.”


### Trick Mirror: Reflections on Self-Delusion, Jia Tolentino (August 6)

The New Yorker’s Jia Tolentino breaks down big cultural trends through the lens of her own experiences in her debut essay collection. The nine essays in Trick Mirror cover everything from the horrors of the Internet to Tolentino’s appearance on a reality television show as a teenager. In analyzing the [pillars](#pillar) of 21st-century living, Tolentino *gives a voice to* millennials’ concerns and speaks to the intersection of culture, politics and identity.


### The Remainder, Alia Trabucco Zerán (translated by Sophie Hughes) (August 6)

Shortlisted for this year’s Man Booker International Prize, Chile-born writer Alia Trabucco Zerán’s debut novel La Resta (The Remainder) [wrestles](#wrestle) with the enduring legacy of General Augusto Pinochet’s [dictatorship](#dictatorship). While writers such as Pedro Lemebel and José Donoso have explored the [regime](#regime)’s impact on those who lived through it, Zerán is concerned with the next generation. Felipe, Iquela and Paloma are the children of ex-militants, attempting to “unremember” the past in Chile’s haunted capital, Santiago.


### The Yellow House, Sarah M. Broom (August 13)

It was 1961 when Sarah M. Broom’s mother Ivory Mae bought the `shotgun house (猎枪屋)` where she would raise her 12 children. Back then, the East New Orleans neighborhood where it was situated was [imbued](#imbue) with post-war optimism. In a memoir that `mines (挖)` her family’s history and their relationship to the titular Yellow House — even after Hurricane Katrina destroys it — Broom explores *a little-known side of* one of America’s most [mythologized](#mythologize) cities, addressing the enduring legacy of inequality.


### Inland, Téa Obreht (August 13)

The long-awaited second novel from the author of 2011’s National Book Award finalist The Tiger’s Wife, Téa Obreht’s Inland reimagines and [subverts](#subvert) the myths of the American West. Set in the [parched](#parch) lawless Arizona Territory of 1893, it tells the story of Nora, a [resolute](#resolute) frontierswoman bound to a house she can’t leave, and Lunie, a [haunted](#haunt) former outlaw searching for a home he can’t find.


### The Memory Police, Yoko Ogawa (translated by Stephen Snyder) (August 13)

First animals and flowers disappear, then bells, ribbons and photographs, then, at the hands of the Memory Police, the few people who can recall that those vanished objects ever existed. In her newest novel, The Memory Police, one of Japan’s most [acclaimed](#acclaim) authors explores truth, state [surveillance](#surveillance) and individual autonomy. Ogawa’s fable echoes the themes of George Orwell’s 1984, Ray Bradbury’s Fahrenheit 451, and Gabriel Garcia Marquez’s 100 Years of Solitude, but **it has a voice and power all its own**.


### How to Be an Antiracist, Ibram X. Kendi (August 20)

There is no such thing as a “not racist” idea, policy or person, only a racist or an anti-racist one, Ibram X. Kendi wrote in *a recent column* for the Guardian, and being one or the other “is not who we are, but what we are doing in the moment.” In his `groundbreaking (奠基)` new work, Kendi dissects why in a society where so few people consider themselves to be racist `the divisions and inequalities of racism (种族主义的分裂和不平等)` remain so [prevalent](#prevalent). How to Be an Antiracist punctures the myths of a post-racial America, examining what racism really is — and what we should do about it.


### Everything Inside: Stories, Edwidge Danticat (August 27)

**A man reflects on his life as he falls in slow motion to his death**. An unexpected romance sparks between wounded friends. And the [amicable](#amicable) end to a marriage has far-reaching consequences. Globally acclaimed author Edwidge Danticat probes both grand and intimate moments in her latest collection Everything Inside. In eight stories, Danticat takes readers to locales including the city of her birth, Port-au Prince, Haiti, as well as an unnamed Caribbean island and Miami.


### The Girl Who Lived Twice: A Lisbeth Salander Novel, David Lagercrantz (August 27)

In the sixth installment of the Swedish-noir series featuring hacker heroine Lisbeth Salander, David Lagercrantz faithfully continues the spirit of the late Stieg Larsson, who began the Millennium trilogy with The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. This time around, the Beretta-toting Salander resolves to be the “hunter, not the hunted” in a quest for revenge and [atonement](#atonement) that plumbs the depths of Russian troll factories and scales the heights of Mount Everest.


Word
---

* <span id='synonymous'>synonymous</span>:
  * [_adj_] (of a word or phrase) having the same or nearly the same meaning as another word or phrase in the same language.

* <span id='anticipate'>anticipate</span>:
  * [_v_]
    1. regard as probable; expect or predict.
    1. act as a `forerunner (先行者)` or `precursor (先导)` of.

* <span id='genres'>genres</span>:
  * [_n_] a category of artistic composition, as in music or literature, characterized by similarities in form, style, or subject matter.

* <span id='yearn'>yearn</span>:
  * [_v_] have an intense feeling of longing for something, typically something that one has lost or been separated from.

* <span id='weave'>weave</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a particular style or manner in which something is woven.
    1. a hairstyle created by weaving pieces of real or artificial hair into a person's existing hair, typically in order to increase its length or thickness.
  * [_v_]
    1. form (fabric or a fabric item) by interlacing long threads passing in one direction with others at a right angle to them.
    1. twist and turn from side to side while moving somewhere in order to avoid obstructions.

* <span id='dole'>dole</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. benefit paid by the government to the unemployed.
    1. a person's lot or destiny. 命运
    1. sorrow; mourning.
  * [_v_] distribute shares of something.

* <span id='unveil'>unveil</span>:
  * [_v_] remove a `veil (面纱)` or convering form, especially uncover (a new monument or work of art) as part of a public caremony.

* <span id='candid'>candid</span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. truthful and straightforward; frank.
    1. (of a photograph of a person) taken `informally (非正式地)`, especially without the subject's knowledge.

* <span id='intimate'>intimate</span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. closely `acquainted (熟悉)`; familiar, close.
    1. private and personal.
    1. (of knowledge) detailed; thorough.
  * [_v_] imply or hint. 暗示或者提示
  * [_n_] a very close friend.

* <span id='spouse'>spouse</span>:
  * [_n_] a husband or wife, considered in relation to their partner.

* <span id='renowned'>renowned</span>:
  * [_adj_] known or talked about by many people; famous.

* <span id='chronicle'>chronicle</span>:
  * [_n_] a factual written account of important or historical events in the order of their occurrence.
  * [_v_] record (a related series of events) in a factual and detailed way.

* <span id='eccentric'>eccentric</span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. (of a person or their behavior) `unconventional (非传统的)` and slightly strange.
    1. (of a thing) not placed centrally or not having its axis or other part placed centrally.
  * [_n_]
    1. a person of unconventional and slightly strange views or behavior.
    1. a disc or wheel mounted eccentrically on a revolving shaft in order to transform rotation into backward-and-forward motion, e.g., a cam in an `internal combustion engine (内燃机)`.

* <span id='embrace'>embrace</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. an act of holding someone closely in one's arms.
    1. an act of accepting or supporting something willingly or enthusiastically.
  * [_v_]
    1. hold (someone) closely in one's arms, especially as a sign of affection.
    1. accept or support (a belief, theory, or change) willingly and enthusiastically.
    1. include or contain (something) as a constituent part.

* <span id='scandal'>scandal</span>:
  * [_n_] an action or event regarded as `morally (道德上地)` or legally wrong and causing general public `outrage (暴行)`.

* <span id='unrave'>unrave</span>:
  * [_v_]
    1. undo (`twisted (扭曲)`, `knitted (编织)`, or `woven threads (编织线)`).
    1. investigate and solve or explain (something complicated or puzzling).

* <span id='formative'>formative</span>:
  * [_adj_] serving to form something, especially having a profound and lasting influence on a person's development.
  * [_n_] a formative element.

* <span id='wither'>wither</span>:
  * [_v_]
    1. (of a plant) become dry and `shriveled (干瘪的)`.
    1. cause harm or damage to.

* <span id='rebuke'>rebuke</span>:
  * [_n_] an `expression (表达)` of sharp disapproval or criticism.
  * [_v_] express sharp disapproval or criticism of (someone) because of their behavior or actions.

* <span id='rhetoric'>rhetoric</span>:
  * [_n_] the art of effective or `persuasive (说服力)` speaking or writing, especially the use of figure of speech and other compositional techniques.

* <span id='compel'>compel</span>:
  * [_v_] force or oblige (someone) to do something.

* <span id='ideologue'>ideologue</span>: 空想家
  * [_n_] an adherent of an ideology, especially one who is `uncompromising (坚定的)` and `dogmatic (武断的)`.

* <span id='fierce'>fierce</span>:
  * [_adj_] having or displaying an `intense (激烈)` or `ferocious (凶猛)` aggressiveness.

* <span id='notorious'>notorious</span>:
  * [_adj_] famous or well known, typically for some bad quality or `deed (契约)`.

* <span id='delve'>delve</span>:
  * [_v_] reach inside a `receptacle (容器)` and search for something.

* <span id='traumatic'>traumatic</span>:
  * [_adj_] emotionally disturbing or distressing.

* <span id='dissection'>dissection</span>:
  * [_n_] the action of `dissecting (解剖)` a body or plant to study its internal parts.

* <span id='adhere'>adhere</span>: 附着
  * [_v_] stick fast to (a surface or substance).

* <span id='kindred'>kindred</span>:
  * [_adj_] similar in kind; related.
  * [_n_] one's family and relations.

* <span id='controversial'>controversial</span>:
  * [_adj_] giving rise or likely to give rise to public disagreement.

* <span id='purport'>purport</span>:
  * [_n_] the meaning or substance of something, typically a document or speech.
  * [_v_] appear or claim to be or do something, especially falsely; `profess (宣称)`.

* <span id='nonfiction'>nonfiction</span>:
  * [_n_] `prose (散文)` writing that is based on facts, real events, and real people, such as biography or history.

* <span id='turbulent'>turbulent</span>:
  * [_adj_] characterized by conflict, disorder, or confusion; not controlled or calm.
      > the country's turbulent 20-year history.

* <span id='catastrophic'>catastrophic</span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. involving or causing sudden great damage or suffering.
    1. extremely unfortunate or unsuccessful.
        > catastrophic mismanagement of the economy.

* <span id='flapper'>flapper</span>:
  * [_n_] (in the 1920s) a fashionable young woman intent on enjoying herself and flouting conventional standards of behavior.

* <span id='intrigue'>intrigue</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. the secret planning of something illicit or `detrimental (有害的)` to someone.
    1. a mysterious of fascinating quality.
        > within the region's borders is *a wealth of* interest and intrigue
  * [_v_]
    1. arouse the curiosity or interest of; fascinate.
    1. make secret plans to do something illicit or detrimental to someone.

* <span id='incestuous'>incestuous</span>:
  * [_adj_]
    1. involving or guilty of `incest (乱伦)`.
    1. (of human relations generally) excessively close and resistant to outside influence.

* <span id='disenchant'>disenchant</span>:
  * [_v_] free (someone) from `illusion (错觉)`; disappoint.

* <span id='whirlwind'>whirlwind</span>:
  * [_n_] a column of air moving rapidly around and around in a `cylindrical (圆柱形)` or funnel shape.

* <span id='regale'>regale</span>:
  * [_v_] `entertain or amuse (娱乐)` (someone) with talk.

* <span id='ensconce'>ensconce</span>:
  * [_v_] establish or settle (someone) in a comfortable, safe, or secret place.

* <span id='quaint'>quaint</span>:
  * [_adj_] attractively unusual or old-fashioned.

* <span id='protagonist'>protagonist</span>:
  * [_n_] the leading character or one of the major characters in a drama, movie, novel, or other fictional text.

* <span id='rumor'>rumor</span>:
  * [_n_] a currently `circulating (流通，流传)` story or report of uncertain or doubtful truth.
  * [_v_] be circulated as an unverified account.

* <span id='swirl'>swirl</span>:
  * [_n_] a quantity of something moving in a `swirl (漩涡)`.
  * [_v_] move in a `twisting (扭曲)` or `spiraling (螺旋)` pattern.

* <span id='rivet'>rivet</span>:
  * [_n_] a short metal pin or bolt for holding together two plates of metal, its headless end being beaten out or pressed down when in place.
  * [_v_] join or fasten (plates of metal or other material) with a rivet or rivets.

* <span id='warrior'>warrior</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. (especially in former times) a brave or experienced soldier or fighter.
    1. any of a number of standing poses in yoga in which the legs are held apart and the arms are stretched outwards.

* <span id='conjugal'>conjugal</span>:
  * [_adj_] of or relating to marriage or the relationship between husband and wife.

* <span id='bridal'>bridal</span>:
  * [_adj_] of or concerning a bride or a wedding.

* <span id='irresistible'>irresistible</span>:
  * [_adj_] too attractive and tempting to be resisted.

* <span id='reckon'>reckon</span>:
  * [_v_]
    1. establish by counting or calculation; calculate.
    1. conclude after calculation; be of the opinion.
    1. rely on or be sure of doing, having, or dealing with.

* <span id='devastate'>devastate</span>:
  * [_v_]
    1. destroy or ruin (something).

* <span id='haunt'>haunt</span>:
  * [_n_] a place frequented by a specified person or group of people.
  * [_v_] (of a ghost) manifest itself at (a place) regularly.

* <span id='prowess'>prowess</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. skill or expertise in a particular activity of field.
    1. bravery in battle.

* <span id='frustrate'>frustrate</span>:
  * [_v_] prevent (a plan or attempted action) from progressing, succeeding, or being fulfilled.
  * [_adj_] frustrated. 受挫

* <span id='embroil'>embroil</span>:
  * [_v_] involve (someone) deeply in an argument, conflict, or difficult situation.

* <span id='convene'>convene</span>:
  * [_v_] come or bring together for a meeting or activity; assemble.

* <span id='reminisce'>reminisce</span>
  * [_v_] `indulge (沉迷于)` in enjoyable recollection of past events.

* <span id='ominous'>ominous</span>:
  * [_adj_] giving the impression that something bad or unpleasant is going to happen; threatening; inauspicious.

* <span id='suspense'>suspense</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a state or feeling of excited or anxious uncertainty about what may happen.
    1. the temporary cessation or suspension of something.

* <span id='slippery'>slippery</span>:
  * [_adj_] (of a surface or object) difficult to hold firmly or stand on because it is smooth, wet, or slimy.

* <span id='pillar'>pillar</span>:
  * [_n_] a tall vertical structure of stone, wood, or metal, used as a support for a building, or as an ornament or monument.

* <span id='wrestle'>wrestle</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a wrestling bout or contest.
    1. a hard struggle.
  * [_v_]
    1. take part in a fight, either as a sport or in earnest, that involves grappling with one's opponent and trying to throw or force them to the ground.
    1. struggle with a difficulty or problem.

* <span id='dictatorship'>dictatorship</span>:
  * [_n_] government by a dictator.

* <span id='regime'>regime</span>:
  * [_n_]
    1. a government, especially an authoritarian one.
    1. a system or planned way of doing things, especially one imposed from above.

* <span id='imbue'>imbue</span>:
  * [_v_] inspire or permeate with a feeling or quality.

* <span id='mythologize'>mythologize</span>:
  * [_v_] convert into myth or mythology; make the subject of a myth.

* <span id='subvert'>subvert</span>:
  * [_v_] undermine the power and authority of (an established system or institution).

* <span id='parch'>parch</span>:
  * [_v_] make or become dry through intense heat.

* <span id='resolute'>resolute</span>:
  * [_adj_] admirably purposeful, determined, and unwavering.

* <span id='acclaim'>acclaim</span>:
  * [_n_] enthusiastic and public `praise (赞美)`.
  * [_v_] praise enthusiastically and publicly.

* <span id='surveillance'>surveillance</span>:
  * [_n_] close observation, especially of a suspected spy or criminal.

* <span id='prevalent'>prevalent</span>:
  * [_adj_] widespread in a particular area at a particular time.

* <span id='amicable'>amicable</span>:
  * [_adj_] (of relations between people) having a spirit of friendliness; without serious disagreement or rancor.

* <span id='atonement'>atonement</span>:
  * [_n_] `reparation (赔偿)` for a wrong or injury.


Article Source
---

1. <http://time.com/5595668/best-books-summer-2019/> frin **TIME**.
