Everyday English
===
`23/04/2019`

Words
---
* `collusion`: [_n_] secret or illegal cooperation or `conspiracy(阴谋)`, especially in order to cheat or deceive others.

* `obstruction`: [_n_] the action of obstructing or the state of being obstructed. 妨碍

* `compassion`: [_n_] `sympathetic(有同情心的)` pity and concern for the sufferings or misfortunes of others.

* `tipping point`: [_n_] the point at which a series of small changes or incidents becomes significant enough to cause a larger, more important change.

* `irreversible`: [_adj_] not able to be undone or altered.
  > she shuffered irreversible damage to her health.

* `compel`: [_v_] force or `oblige(义务)` (someone) to do something.

* `pivotal`: [_adj_] of crucial importance in relation to the development or success of something else.

* `pivotal`: [_adj_] (of an object) easily broken or damaged.
  > Tourists also damage the fragile ecosystem by dumping plastic waste and driving over the glasslands.

* `sacred`: [_adj_] connected with God(or the gods) or dedicated to a religious purpose and so deserving `veneration(尊敬)`. 神圣的

* `urgency`: [_n_]
  * importance requiring `swift action(迅速的行动)`.
  * an `earnest and persistent(认真和坚持)` quality; insistence.

* `stubbornly`: [_adj_] having or showing `dogged determination(顽固的决定)` not to change one's attitude or position on something, especially in spite of good arguments or reasons to do so.

* `dog`:
  * [_n_] a `domesticated carnivorous mammal(食肉哺乳动物)` that typically has a long snout, an acute sense of smell, and a `barking(犬吠)`, `howling(嚎叫)`, or `whining(哀嚎，抱怨)` voice. It is widely kept as a pet or for work or `field sports(野外运动)`.
  * [_n_] a person regarded as unpleasant, `contemptible(卑鄙)`, or `wicked(邪恶)` (used as a term of abuse).
  * [_v_] follow (someone or their movements) closely and persistently.
    > photographers seemed to dog her every step.
  * [_v_] act lazily; fail to try one's hardest.
    > He entered the season with a reputation for dogging it when he wasn't the primary receiver.
  * [_v_] grip (someting) with a mechanical device. 使用机械装置夹紧某物

* `trackle`:
  * [_n_] the equipment required for a task or sport.
  * [_n_] a mechanism consisting of ropes, `pulley blocks(轮滑组)`, hooks, or other things for lifting heavy objects.
  * [_n_] an act of `seizing(抓住)` and stopping a player `in possession of(拥有)` the ball by knocking them to the ground. 这个意思应该指篮球里面的抢断
  * [_n_] a player who lines up inside the end along the line of `scrimmage(混战)`.
  * [_v_] make determined efforts to deal with (a problem or difficult task). 作出坚决的努力来应对。

Sentences
---
* Collusion, `obstruction of justice(妨碍司法)`, `impeachment(弹劾)` or not, `greedy tax breaks(吞没税收减免)`, medical care for all or none, `refugees(难民)` seeking compassion at our borders — as a citizen, I care deeply about all these things.

* But I also fail to see how any of it will matter without a planet to live on.

* The science of climate change is `backed by(指气候变化科学建立在)` examples of the damage mankind has caused all around us, every day and everywhere. 

* None of us are `immune` anymore; `no matter where we live, no matter our political party`.

* What will it take for `our short-sighted leadership(目光短浅的领导)` to `stop questioning(停止质疑)` the reality of this global crisis?
  > 需要什么才能够使得我们目光短浅的领导停止对全球危机这个现实的质疑？

* The founding of Earth Day `marked an important moment in time(标志着一个重要的时刻)`, `a pivotal recognition(关键性的认识)` of how precious and fragile and sacred our connection is to our natural world.

* And on this Earth Day, I find myself searching for words to express my `sense of(感觉)` urgency `on behalf of` our one and only home — to create yet another new awareness of those same responsibilities.

* I stubbornly continue to believe that `more(这里指更多的事物，作为名词)` unites us underneath it all. 这句话指更多的东西将会是我们紧紧的团结在一起

* They’ve watched as our leaders `unravel(undo，取消)` protections instead of strengthening them, argue endlessly without doing enough to advance innovation, and `pass the buck(把钱递过去)`, hoping someone else will save us.

* I’d give anything to be celebrating this Earth Day with `enthusiasm(热情)` for our progress, `pride for` our American creativity, global leadership and collaboration in `tackling the largest challenges of our times(应对当代最大的挑战，times 时代的意思)`, `remembrances(回忆)` of how wasteful and short-term our thinking `had once been`, and how far we’d come since that first gathering in 1970.

* **So what should we do with the rapidly shrinking window of opportunity we have left?** 这句话说机会逐渐渺茫(一个很好的表达方式)。

* **Nothing stands in our way but ourselves.** 没有什么能够阻挡，除了我们自己。

Article Source
---
* [Don’t Fall for Political Distractions. Saving Our Planet Must Come First](http://time.com/5574056/earth-day-2019-climate-change-politics/) from **TIME**.