Everyday English
===
01/04/2019

Words
---
* `deflect`:
  cause (something) to change direction by interposing something; turn aside from a straight course.
* `presumably`:
  used to convey that what is asserted is very likely though not known for certain.
* `plea for`:
  * in support of or in favor of (a person or policy).
  * because; since.
* `liberal precincts`:
  * a district of a city or town as defined for police purposes.
  * the area within the walls or perceived boundaries of a particular building or place.
  * an area in a town designated for specific or restricted use, especially one that is closed to traffic.
* `immunity`:
  the ability of an organism to resist a particular infection or toxin by the action of specific antibodies or sensitized white blood cells.
* `tame(驯服)`:
  `domesticate`: tame (an animal) and keep it as a pet or for farm produce.
* `dicate`:
  * an order or principle that must be obeyed.
  * lay down authoritatively; prescribe.
  * say or read aloud (words to be typed, written down, or recorded on tape).

Sentences
---
* In an op-ed Saturday in the `Irish Independent(爱尔兰独立报)` and `Washington Post(华盛顿邮报)`, Mr. Zuckerberg invited European-style privacy rules for the U.S. and `called on(呼吁)` regulators to `set clearer rules on(制定更明确的规则)` "harmful content, election integrity, privacy and data portability."
* This `plea for(恳求)` big government to regulate big business will `go down well` in `liberal precincts(自由贸易区)`, where the tech giants have lost the `political immunity(政治豁免权)` they had during `the Obama years(奥巴马时期)`. 
* Politicians like `nothing better than to(最喜欢)` claim to be `taming` unpopular businesses, and Mr. Zuckerberg may think he’s buying some `protection from(保护)` `calls to(call to action: 采取行动)` `break up(破坏)` the company.
* The `costs of(成本)` regulation, such as privacy rules, are easier for bigger businesses to `bear` and they can create `higher barriers(更高的门槛)` to entry for competitors.

Article source
---
1. [Zuckerberg for Regulation
](https://www.wsj.com/articles/zuckerberg-for-regulation-11554061880)  from **WSJ**