Everyday English
===
`08/04/2019`

Words
---
* `negotiation`: [_n_] discussion aimed at reaching an agreement.

* `boost`:
  * [_n_] a source of help or encouragement leading to increase or improvement.
  * [_v_] help or encourage (something) to increase or improve.

* `fortune`: [_n_]
  * chance or luck as an external, `arbitrary(随意的，adj)` force affecting human `affairs(事务，事情)`.
  * `a large amount of money or assets(大量的资金或资产)`.

* `jittery`: [_adj_] nervous or unable to releax.

* `dispute`:
  * [_n_] a disagreement, argument, or `debate(争辩)`.
  * [_v_] argue about (something); discuss heatedly.
  * [_v_] `compete for(竞争)`; `strive to win(力争取胜)`.

* `underscores`:
  * [_v_] underline (something) `(这里指凸显，强调重要性)`.
  * [_n_] a line drawn under a word or phrase for emphasis.

* `tacit`: [_adj_] understood or implied without being `stated(声明)`.

* `statutory`: [_adj_] required, permitted, or enacted by `statute(a written law passed by a legislative body)`(法规要求、允许或颁布).

* `standoff`: [_n_] a `stalemate(对峙)` or `deadlock(僵局)` between two equally matched opponents in a dispute or conflict.

* `rattle`:
  * [_v_] make or cause to make a rapid succession of short, sharp knocking sounds, typically as a result of shaking and striking repeatedly against a hard surface or object.
  * [_v_] cause (someone) to feel nervous, worried, or `irritated(恼怒)`.

* `tensions`:
  * [_n_] the state of being stretched `tight(紧的)`.
  * [_n_] `mental or emotional strain(精神或情绪紧张)`.
  * [_v_] apply a force to (something) that tends to stretch it.

* `escalate`: [_v_] increase rapidly.

* `retaliatory`: 报复性的

* `tariff`: 关税
  * [_n_] a tax or duty to be paid on a particular class of imports or exports.
  * [_v_] fix the price of (something) according to a tariff.

* `interagency`: taking place between different agencies(机构间的).

* `pave`:
  * [_v_] cover (a piece of ground) with `concrete(混凝土)`, `asphalt(沥青)`, stones, or bricks; `lay paving over(摊铺道路)`.
    > `pave the way for: 为...铺平道路`
  * [_n_] a setting of precious stones placed so closely together that no metal shows(使用宝石紧密的镶嵌，不让金属露出来).
  * [_n_] a paved street, road, or path.

* `lift`:
  * [_n_] an act of lifting.
  * [_n_] a free ride in another person's vehicle(免费乘坐他人的车).
  * [_v_] raise to a higher position or level.

* `render`: [_v_]
  * provide or give (a service, help, etc.).
  * cause to be or become; make. `成为`
  * represent or depict artistically.

* `lengthy`: [_adj_] (especially `in reference to time(在时间上)`) of considerable or unusual length, especially `so as to(为了，导致)` be tedious.

* `tedious`: [_adj_] too long, slow, or `dull(平淡)`: `tiresome(烦人，厌倦)` or `monotonous(单调的)`.

* `punish`: [_v_] `inflict(造成)` a `penalty(罚款)` or `sanction(制裁)` on (someone) as `retribution(报应)` for an `offense(罪行)`, especially `a transgression of a legal or moral code(违反法律或道德准则)`.

* `violation`: [_n_] an action of `violating(violate，违反)` someone or something.

* `undergirded`: [_v_] `secure or fasten from the underside(从下面、底部进行巩固)`, especially by a `rope(绳索)` or `chain(链条)` passed underneath.

* `mechanisms`: [_n_]
  * a system of parts working together in a machine; a piece of machinery.
  * a natural or established process by which something `takes place(发生)` or is `brought about(产生)`.
  * the `doctrine(学说)` that all `natural phenomena(自然现象)`, including life and thought, allow `mechanical explanation(机械解释)` by `physics(物理)` and `chemistry(化学)`.

Sentences
---
* `The Trump Administration(特朗普政府)` has `put on hold(搁置)` a previously reported sale of jet fighters to Taiwan until the United States `seals a trade deal with(与...签订贸易协定)` China, three Administration officials told TIME on Thursday.

* That decision has `contributed to(有助于，后面接了concern则表示引起关注或担忧)` concern among some in the Administration that `the President may soon go soft on China in his desire to secure a trade deal(可以理解成总统可能很快会对中国保持贸易协议的承诺)`.

* The draft trade agreement currently `under negotiation(在谈判中)` would `boost Trump’s political fortunes` and `ease the jittery stock market`, but it is unlikely to `address many of the issues at the core of(解决...的核心问题)` the U.S.-China trade dispute, said the U.S. officials, who spoke anonymously because they aren’t authorized to discuss the matter publicly.

* The move `underscores the complexity and difficulty(凸显了...的复杂性和难度)` of `balancing U.S. relations with(平衡...与...之间的关系)` an increasingly powerful China against the American `commitment(承诺)` to help Taiwan defend itself.

* While the U.S. has `a statutory obligation(法定义务)` to aid Taiwan’s defense in its `decades-long` standoff with China, recent administrations have stopped `short of` allowing the island to buy new fighter jets.

* The U.S. officials who spoke to TIME `noted that` the Trump Administration’s decision to temporarily `set aside(搁置)` the Taiwan arms sale has not `rattled(这里译作不安)` Taipei. 

* Taiwanese officials `remain confident(依旧有信心)` that the arms sale will be completed after the U.S. and China `reach a deal`, and that reduced `Sino-American(中美)` tensions are seen as better for the island than allowing the countries' trade dispute, which has `resulted in(导致)` more than a year of damaging, `retaliatory tariffs(报复性的关税)`, to escalate, they said.

* within the next four weeks or maybe less.

* "We are rounding the turn", Trump said in the Oval Office Thursday. "We have a ways to go, but not very far". `这是特朗普用路来隐喻贸易协定签订的过程，表示正在转变，但是还有一定的路要走，并不是很远了。`

* While details of the deal are still unknown, China `is expected` to agree to purchase certain American products, including `natural gas(天然气)` and `soybeans(大豆)`, while also allowing U.S. companies `full ownership of` their enterprises in China. `In turn`, the U.S. is expected to agree to `lift some tariffs(这里只降低某些关税)`.

* The unresolved issues as of Thursday evening `centered in large part on(大部分集中于)` which tariffs would `stay in place(保留)` and how and when the deal would be enforced. 

* Many China `hawks(鹰派)` say the deal could `be rendered nearly meaningless` without strong enforcement measures(如果没有强有力的执法措施，交易将毫无意义).

* Such a lengthy timetable would `make it more difficult to(使得...变得更为困难)` punish Chinese violations by imposing new tariffs or raising existing ones, said two of the officials.

* Other important issues, such as `intellectual property theft(知识产权的窃取)`, `cyber espionage(网络间谍活动)` and `state support for industry(国家对工业的支持)`, are likely `to be left unaddressed(得不到解决)` even as they in part undergirded `the arguments for` tariffs `in the first place(表示位于重要的地位)`, these officials said.

Article Source
---
1. [Taiwan Won't Get U.S. Fighter Jets While Trump Seeks a China Deal](http://time.com/5564773/taiwan-fighter-jet-sale-trump-china/) from **TIME**