Everyday English
===
`09/04/2019`

Words
---
* `imply`: [_v_] strongly suggest the truth or existence of (something out expressly stated).

* `adoption`: [_n_] the action or fact of adopting or being adopted(采用). 

* `unleash`: [_v_] release from a leash or `restraint(约束，克制)`.

* `leash`:
  * [_n_] a `strap(背带)` or `cord(绳子)` for restraining and guiding a dog or other animal.
  * [_v_] put a leash on (a dog).
    > leash out(牵引出去)

* `conduct`:
  * [_n_] the manner in which a person behaves, especially on a particular `occasion(场合)` or `in a particular context(在特定的情境下)`.
  * [_n_] the action or manner of managing an activity or organization(引导).
  * [_v_] organize and carry out.
  * [_v_] behave in a specified way.

* `for instance`: 例如

* `don’t hold your breath`: 指不大可能发生的事情

* `roll out`: 推出

* `hype`:
  * [_n_] extravagant or intensive publicity or promotion`(奢侈或密集的宣传或推广)`.
  * [_n_] `a hypodermic needle(皮下注射针)` or injection.
  * [_v_] promote or publicize (a product or idea) `intensively(宣传)`, often `exaggerating(夸大)` its importance or benefits.
  * [_v_] `stimulate(刺激)` or excite (someone).
    > I was hyped up because i wanted to do well.

* `gamut`:
  * [_n_] the complete range or scope of something.
  * [_n_] a complete scale of musical notes(全音阶); the `compass(音域)` or range of a voice or instrument.

* `reap`: [_v_] cut or gather (a crop or harvest).

Sentences
---
* President Donald Trump on Thursday said he wants U.S. companies to more quickly implement what’s called 5G wireless technology, the latest and greatest tech when it comes to `mobile broadband(移动宽带业务)`.

* "I want 5G, and even 6G, technology in the United States as soon as possible", tweeted Trump, who went on to imply the U.S. was `falling behind` `due to` policies preventing `the adoption of wireless(采用)` technology from companies abroad.

* American companies must `step up their efforts(加紧努力)`, or `get left behind`.

* `There is no reason that` we should be `lagging behind on(在...方面落后于)` something that is so obviously the future.

* Like the `jump from` 3G to 4G, 5G will `bring with(带来)` it considerably faster speeds, lower `latency(延迟)`, and increased support for more devices.

* Compared to 4G LTE, the wireless cell technology used in smartphones today, 5G `promises` speeds up to 100 times faster and `a response time up to 20 times faster`.

* 5G promises to unleash `a wave of(浪潮)` new technologies that could `benefit from` its `blazing-fast(超快的)` speeds and low latency. `(这句话强调了5G的超快速度和低延迟能够带动一系列的新技术)`

* And since 5G will be `capable of` helping low-power devices communicate with one another `as(随着)` coverage grows `over the next decade`, it could enable all sorts of new smart home tech, too.

* Unfortunately, you probably can’t `take advantage of` any 5G speeds yet because there are so few 5G networks and devices `available` for consumers.

* `Right now`, Verizon has a version of 5G providing homes with high-speed wireless connectivity, though it’s only available `in a handful of cities(极少数的城市)`.

* AT&T has mobile 5G service `in a variety of` cities `as well`, though users can only `take advantage of` it with a 5G hotspot `at the moment`. 

* Some other services are `advertised as a form of 5G(被宣传使用5G的形式)`, but that’s pretty much just `marketing hype(营销炒作)`.

* Since 5G `relies on` both very high and very low wireless frequencies, `carriers(运营商)` are `gearing up(加紧)` to `cover the gamut(覆盖全部范围)`.

* They’re spending billions on `purchasing the rights to` these frequencies `either` through buying companies that already holding the rights, `or` by `bidding on(投标)` spectrum bands `auctioned off(拍卖)` by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) `in an effort` to `speed up` 5G deployement. 

* We’ll ensure that American consumers `reap the substantial benefits` that will `come from` the next generation of wireless connectivity.

Article Source
---
1. [Trump Wants '5G' and 'Even 6G' Wireless Technology 'As Soon As Possible.' What's He Talking About?](http://time.com/5534983/trump-5g-6g/) from **TIME**