Everyday English
===
`05/04/2019`

Words
---
* `tragic`: [_adj_]
  * causing or characterized by extrem `distress(苦难)` or `sorrow(悲哀)`.
  * of or relating to `tragedy(悲剧)` `in a literary work(在文学作品中)`.

* `hoax`：
  * [_n_] a humorous or `malicious(恶毒)` `deception(骗局, the action of deceiving someone.)`.
  * [_v_] deceive with a hoax.

* `deceive`: [_v_]
  * (of a person) cause (someone) to believe something that is not true, typically in order to gain some personal advantage.

* `dash`:
  * [_adj_] (of a man) attractive in a romantic, `adventurous(冒险的)` way.
  * [_v_] run or travel somewhere in a great hurry.
  * [_v_] strike or fling (something) somewhere with great force, especially so as to have a destructive effect; hurl.

* `strike`:
  * [_n_] a `refusal(拒绝)` to work organized by a body of employees as a form of protest, typically in an attempt to gain a `concession(让步)` or consessions from their employer.
  * [_n_] a sudden attack, typically a `military(军事)` one.
  * [_v_] hit `forcibly(强制, using force or violence)` and `deliberately(有意，on purpose)` with one's hand or a weapon or other implement.

* `concession`: [_n_]
  * a thing that is granted, especially in response to demands; a thing conceded.
  * a `preferential(优惠)` `allowance(补贴、津贴)` or rate given by an organization.
  * `the right to use land or other property(土地或其他财产的使用权)` for a specified purpose, granted by a govement, company, or other controlling body.

* `baffle`:
  * [_adj_] impossible to understand; perplexing.
  * [_v_] totally `bewilder(困惑)` or `perplex(困惑)`.
      > an unexplained occurrence that baffled everyone

  * [_v_] `restrain(抑制)` or `regulate(调节)` (a fluid, sound, etc.).

* `captive`:
  * [_adj_] imprisoned or `confined(限制)`.
  * [_n_] a person who has been taken prisoner or an animal that has benn confined.

* `twist`:
  * [_n_] an act of turning something so that it moves in relation to something that remains stationary.
  * [_n_] a thing with a spiral shape.
  * [_v_] form into `bent(弯曲，sharply curved or having an angle)`, `curling(卷曲，curved or spiral[螺旋] shape)`, or `distorted(扭曲，pulled or twisted out of shape)` shape.
    > a strip of metal is twisted to form a hollow tube.

* `devastate`: [_v_]
  * destroy or ruin (something).

* `tenterhooks`: 提心吊胆

* `depression`: [_n_]
  * `severe(严重)` `despondency(沮丧)` and `dejection(沮丧)`, typically felt over a period of time and accompanied by feelings of hopelessness and `inadequacy(不足之处)`. `= 抑郁症`
  * the act of lowering something or pressing something down.

* `custody`:
  * the protective care or `guardianship(监护)` of someone or something.

* `tantalize`:
  * `torment(折磨)` or `tease(挑逗)` (someone) with the sight or `promise(诺言)` of something that is un`obtainable`.

* `flurry`:
  * [_n_] a small swirling mass of something, especially snow or leaves, moved by sudden gusts of wind.
  * [_v_] (especially of snow or leaves) be moved `in small swirling masses(在小漩涡中)` by sudden gusts of wind.

Sentences
---
* A young man’s `claim to be` an `Illinois(伊利诺伊州)` boy who disappeared `under tragic circumstances(在悲惨的情况下)` eight years ago was disproved by DNA tests and pronounced a `hoax` Thursday, `dashing hopes` that the `baffling` case had finally been solved.

* For a day and a half, `a breakthrough seemed to be at hand` when a young man found wandering the streets of Newport, Kentucky, on Wednesday `identified himself as 14-year-old Timmothy Pitzen and told police he had just escaped from two men who had held him captive for seven years.(这整句话都是以a young man为主语的)`

* Timmothy disappeared in 2011 at age 6, and a note left behind by his mother before `she took her own life(自杀)` said he was being cared for and would never be found. 

* Timmothy’s family was `cautiously hopeful(这里指持谨慎态度)` over Wednesday’s news, `as(表示并列关系)` were neighbors and others who `have long wondered` whether he is dead or alive.

* I feel so sorry for the young man who’s obviously `had a horrible time` and `felt the need to(觉得有必要)` say he was somebody else.

* Police have said she might have `dropped the boy off with a friend(将这个男孩放到了朋友那)`, `noting that(并指出)` his car seat and Spider-Man backpack were gone.

* The `brief but tantalizing(简短但是诱人的)` possibility that the case had been solved `generated excitement(引起了兴奋)` in Timmothy’s former neighborhood.

Article Source
---
1. [DNA Testing Confirms Kentucky Teen Is Not Illinois Boy Who Disappeared in 2011 at Age 6](http://time.com/5564339/fbi-boy-kentucky-kidnapping/) from **TIME**