Everyday English
===
`22/04/2019`

Words
---
* `revise`:
  * [_n_] a proof including `corrections(更正)` made in an earlier proof.
  * [_v_] reconsider and alter (something) `in the light of(根据、按照)` further evidence.
  * [_v_] reread word done previously to improve one's knowledge of a subject, typically to prepare for an examination.
    > students frantically revising for exams.

* `advisory`: 这个词在`google translate`中翻译成了咨询，但是更贴切为一个官方的声明。
  * [_adj_] having or consisting in the power to make `recommendations(建议)` but not to take action enforcing them.
  * [_n_] an official annoucement, typically a warning about bad weather conditions.

* `plot`: [_v_]
  * secretly make plans to carry out (an illegal or harmful action).
  * `devise(设计)` the sequence of events in (a play, novel, movie, or similar work).
    > In answering a question about his `collages(拼贴画)` he talks about why he could never plot a novel.
  * mark (a route or position) on a chart.

* `in the wake of`: 随着
* `wake`
  * [_v_] emerge or cause to emerge from a state of sleep; stop sleeping.
  * [_v_] hold a vigil beside (someone who has died). 在旁边守夜。
  * [_n_] a watch or vigil held beside the body of someone who has died, sometimes accompanied by `ritual(仪式)` `observances(纪念活动)` including eating and drinking.

* `worship`:
  [_n_] the feeling or expression of `reverence(尊敬)` and `adoration(崇拜)` for a `deity(神)`.
  [_v_] show reverence and adoration for (a deity); honor with religious rites.

* `contingency`: [_n_] a future event or circumstance that is possible but `cannot be predicted with certainty(无法确定的预测)`.

* `wound`:
  * [_n_] an injury to `living tissue(活组织)` caused by a cut, `blow(打击)`, or other impact, typically one in which the skin is cut or broken. 简而言之就是伤口的意思。
  * [_v_] `inflict(cause，造成，迫害)` an injury on (someone).

* `militant`:
  * [_adj_] combative and aggressive `in support of` `a political or social cause(政治或社会事业)`, and typically favoring extreme, violent, or `confrontational(对抗)` methods.
  * [_n_] a militant person.

* combative & aggressive [_adj_]
  * combative: ready or eager to fight; `pugnacious(好斗)`.
  * aggressive: ready or likely to attack or `confront(面对，对抗)`; characterized by or resulting from `aggression(侵略)`.

* `favor`:
  * [_n_] an attitude of approval or liking. 赞同或者喜欢的态度
    > the legislation is viewed with favor.
  * [_n_] an act of kindness beyond what is `due` or usual. 超出应有或者平常的仁慈行为
  * [_v_] feel or show approval or preference for. 偏向于
  * [_v_] (often used in `polite requests(礼貌请求)`) give someone (something that they want).
    > please favor me with an answer.
  * [_v_] resemble (a parent or relative) in facial features. 面部长的像父母或者亲戚
    > she's pretty, and she favors you.
  * [_v_] treat (an injured limb) gently, not putting one's full weight on it.
    > he favors his `sore(酸痛)` leg.

Sentences
---
* “Terrorists may attack with little or no warning,” the updated travel warning `reads`. 这里使用`read`强调了是从报告中读到的内容。

* It adds that `places of worship(礼拜场所)`, `tourist locations(旅游景点)`, `transportation hubs(交通枢纽)`, hotels, shopping malls, airports and other public areas may be be targeted.

* Those traveling to `Sri Lanka(斯里兰卡)` are advised to use 'increased caution' to monitor local media for breaking events and to have a `contingency(偶然性)` plan for emergencies.

* Sunday’s `deadly bombings(致命的爆炸)`, which also wounded more than 500 people, `centered on` churches and hotels in the capital Colombo and two other cities.

* While the majority of the victims were Sri Lankans, up to 35 foreigners, including Americans, are believed to have died `in the deadliest spate of attacks(致命的一连串攻击中)` to hit the South Asian nation since the end of a `civil war(内战)` a decade ago.

* While no group has yet to come forward to claim responsibility, seven `suicide bombers(自杀式炸弹袭击者)` from a `domestic militant group(国内的激进组织)` known as National Thowfeek Jamaath have been linked to the attacks, Health Minister Rajitha Senaratne said Monday, according to the `Associated Press(美联社)`.